None: you Sureer!
Speaker D: OK.
Speaker D: True了
None: Good? That's cool Go teeth Kans
Speaker E: Did people do these things? They know he paints the nests
Speaker D: But they're hound duringbring Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I hit F7 to do that.
Speaker C: I'm not in there.
Speaker C: Robert.
Speaker C: Oh, the removal.
Speaker C: Oh, the removal.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Because I'm already up there.
Speaker C: I'm in control here.
Speaker C: You are in control.
Speaker C: I'm in control.
Speaker C: Already?
None: Wow.
Speaker D: We're also high tech here.
Speaker D: Get another PowerPoint presentation.
Speaker D: Oh, it makes it easier to do PowerPoint.
Speaker D: It certainly does.
Speaker D: So we were...
Speaker C: I don't know what I mean.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Let's see.
Speaker C: Which one of these buttons will do this for me?
Speaker C: Uh-huh.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Should we go back to the first one?
Speaker C: Don't want to go back to the first one?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'm sorry.
Speaker C: Well, let me...
Speaker C: Just do it.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Introduce.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, the search for the middle layer.
Speaker A: Basically, uh...
Speaker A: I can read.
Speaker A: That's what...
Speaker A: It's just a first to the fact that...
Speaker A: One of the main things we had to do was to decide what the intermediate sort of nodes were.
Speaker A: Uh-huh.
Speaker B: But if you really want to find out what the body of the body have to click on the little black bulb.
Speaker B: I've never...
Speaker C: I don't know what the light bulb was for.
Speaker C: I didn't install that into my PowerPoint presentation.
Speaker B: It obviously assistant that tells you that the font type is too small.
Speaker C: Uh...
Speaker C: Try it?
Speaker C: I prefer not to.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: Continue.
Speaker D: It's a needless good idea, is that the idea?
Speaker B: Why are you doing this in this mode and then the presentation mode?
Speaker C: Because I'm going to switch to the Java base.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Programming.
Speaker C: If I do that...
Speaker C: I was wondering.
Speaker C: Is that okay?
None: Yeah, it's okay.
Speaker D: Proceed.
Speaker D: Sumize the window.
Speaker A: Proceed.
Speaker A: Wait, what do you want to do?
Speaker A: You maximize the window so that stuff on the side isn't...
Speaker A: No, it's for kids.
Speaker C: Well, I can do that, but then I have to end the presentation in the middle so I can go back to open up Java base.
Speaker C: Okay, fine.
Speaker C: Here.
Speaker C: Let's see if I can...
Speaker C: Alright.
Speaker C: Very nice.
Speaker C: Is that better?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'll also get rid of this click to add nodes.
Speaker C: Okay, perfect.
Speaker C: So then the features we decided we were talked about, right?
Speaker C: The prosody to discourse, verb choice.
Speaker C: Now we had a list of things like to go and to visit and whatnot.
Speaker C: The landmarkiness of a...
Speaker C: I need you to like...
Speaker C: Nice coinage.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker C: Of a building.
Speaker C: Well, we actually have a separate feature, but I decided to put on the same line for space.
Speaker C: Nice walls, which we can look up because I mean if you're going to get real close to a building in the tango mode, right?
Speaker C: It's going to be a reason for it.
Speaker C: And it's either because you're in route to something else or you want to look at the walls.
Speaker C: The context, which in this case we've limited to businessperson, tourist or unknown.
Speaker C: The time of day, and open to suggestions is an actually feature.
Speaker C: We are open to suggestions.
Speaker D: Can I just ask the nice walls part of it is that in this particular domain, you said it could be on two different lines.
Speaker D: But are you saying that in this particular domain, it happens to the landmarkiness correlated with...
Speaker C: Oh, yes, that's correct.
Speaker C:...there are separate things.
Speaker C: They're being nice.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I either could put nice walls on its own line or open to suggestion.
Speaker A: Like you could have a post office with nice murals or something.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: So nice walls is a stand-in for like architecturally significant.
Speaker D: I see the thing is if you're outside.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, but if it's architecturally significant, you might be able to see it from...
Speaker C: You might be able to visit it, right?
Speaker C: And be able to...
Speaker B: Appreciate it.
Speaker C: Yeah, versus...
Speaker C: Like I was at this place in Europe or the head of little carvings.
Speaker C: And like dead people in the walls or something.
Speaker C: I don't remember.
Speaker C: It was a long time ago.
Speaker C: There's a lot of those.
Speaker C: But if you look at it real close, you can see the intricacy of the wall.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So that counts as nice wall.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Something you want to inspect at close range is interesting.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Robert.
Speaker B: Well, there is a term that's often used at saliency or the salience of an object.
Speaker B: And I was just wondering whether that's the same as what you described as landmarkiness.
Speaker B: But it's really not.
Speaker B: I mean, an object can be very salient, but not a landmark at all.
Speaker D: There's landmark for tourist degrees and landmark for navigational reasons or something.
Speaker A: Yeah, we went tourist degrees.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But you can imagine maybe wanting the other, both kinds of things there for different goals.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: But, yeah.
Speaker C: Tourist line marks also happen to be...
Speaker C: Wouldn't they also be...
Speaker C: They're not exclusive groups, are they?
Speaker C: Like, non-tourist line marks and...
Speaker C: They're not mutually exclusive?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Definitely.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So our initial idea was not very satisfying because our initial idea was basically all the features pointing to the output node.
Speaker D: So a big flat structure.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: And so we...
Speaker C: Reasons being, you know, it'd be a pain to set up all the probabilities for that.
Speaker C: If we moved on to the next step and did learning of some sort according to Busker, we'd be handicapped.
Speaker C: Well, he was very well.
Speaker A: And if you have any features in the end, it's exponential.
Speaker C: And it wouldn't look pretty.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: They'd all be like pointing to the one node.
Speaker C: So our next idea was that in middle layer, right?
Speaker C: So the thinking behind that was we have the features that we've drawn from the communication of some...
Speaker C: Like, the person at the screen is trying to communicate some abstract idea.
Speaker C: Like, I'm...
Speaker C: The abstract idea being, I am a tourist.
Speaker C: I want to go to this place.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So we can attract features along lines of where they want to go and what they've said previously and whatnot.
Speaker C: And then we have the means that they should use, right?
Speaker C: But the middle thing we were thinking of along lines of maybe trying to figure out like the concept of whether they're a tourist or whether they're running an errand or something like that along those lines.
Speaker C: Or, yes, we could...
Speaker C: Things we could extract from the data of the hidden variables.
Speaker C: Yes, good.
Speaker C: So then the hidden variables we came up with or whether someone was on a tour running an errand, they were there in a hurry because we were thinking if they're in a hurry, they'd be less likely to...
Speaker C: Like, want to do this to right?
Speaker C: If you want to view things, you wouldn't be in a hurry.
Speaker C: Or they might be more likely to be using the place that they want to go to as a...
Speaker C: Like, a navigational point to go to another place.
Speaker C: Whether the destination was their final destination, whether the destination was closed was real.
Speaker C: And then let's look at the belief net.
Speaker C: Okay, so that means I should switch to the other program.
Speaker C: Right now it's still kind of in a toy version of it because we didn't know the probabilities of...
Speaker C: Well, I'll talk about it when I get that picture up.
Speaker B: No one knows it.
Speaker C: Okay, so this is what we...
Speaker C: Let's see, that's what I maximize this.
Speaker C: There we go.
Speaker C: So the mode basically has three different outputs, whether the probability of Vista Tango or Enter.
Speaker C: The context we simplified, basically it's just the businessman, the tourist unknown.
Speaker C: Verbe used is actually personally amusing.
Speaker C: And then because it's just whether the verb is a Tango verb, an Interverb or a Vista verb.
Speaker D: Yeah, that one is a verb.
Speaker D: And are those mutually exclusive?
Speaker A: Not at all, that is a lot of work.
Speaker A: That would have made the probability significantly more complicated to enter.
Speaker A: So we decided that for the purposes of this...
Speaker C: Yeah, that's pretty much it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Why don't you mention things about this busker that I am...
Speaker A: That are not coming to my mind right now.
Speaker A: Yeah, so the four notes down there are the sort of things that are not directly extracted.
Speaker A: Actually the five things, the closed is also not directly extracted, I guess.
Speaker A: From the...
Speaker A: From the...
Speaker C: No, it's sort of it is because it's...
Speaker C: Okay, closed, we have the time of day and the close, it just had...
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A:...for time it closed.
Speaker A: Right, but the other one is the final destination, the whether they're doing business, whether they're in a hurry and whether they're tours.
Speaker A: That kind of thing is all sort of...
Speaker A: You know, probabilistically...
Speaker A: Inferred from the other ones?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And the mode, you know, depends on all those things.
Speaker C: Yeah, the actual parts are somewhere.
Speaker C: Yeah, so we have an intervention.
Speaker A: Like we don't have notes for discourse in parts, although like in some sense they are parts of this belief net.
Speaker A: But the idea is that we just extract those features from them so we don't actually have a node for the entire part.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Because we'd never do inference on it anyway.
Speaker D: So some of the top row of things, what's disc admission?
Speaker A: Whether they discuss the admission fee.
Speaker A: So we looked at the data, a lot of the data people were saying things like, can I get to this place? What is the admission fee?
Speaker A: So that's like a huge...
Speaker A: They're trying to enter the place rather than to...
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Time goes.
Speaker C: Okay, I see.
Speaker C: There would be other things besides just the admission fee.
Speaker C: But, you know, we didn't know that.
Speaker C: That was like our example.
Speaker C: That was the initial one I was telling.
Speaker D: Okay, so there are certain cues that are very strong...
Speaker D: From the discourse.
Speaker D: Either like school or topic based content cues for one of those.
Speaker D: And then that second row, or whatever that row of time of day through that.
Speaker D: So all of those, some of them come from the utterance and some of them are sort of either world knowledge or situational things.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: So the new distinction between those and everything else we want to say about Skye.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean...
Speaker A: One thing...
Speaker B: There are a couple more things.
Speaker B: I mean, I would actually suggest we go through this one more time.
Speaker B: So we all agree on what the meaning of these things is at the moment and maybe what changes.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: So one thing I'm sure about is how we have the admission fee thing set up.
Speaker C: So one thing that we were thinking was by doing the layers like this, we kept things from directly affecting the mode beyond the concept.
Speaker C: But you could see perhaps the admission fee going directly to the mode, pointing it in to right versus pointing just at tourist.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: But we just decided to keep all the things we extracted to point at the middle and then down.
Speaker B: Why is the landmark...
Speaker B: Okay, the landmark is facing to the tourists.
Speaker B: That's because we're talking about landmarks, the tourist landmarks.
Speaker B: Right, yeah.
Speaker B: As possible...
Speaker B: Navigation...
Speaker B: Navigation landmarks.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: Yeah, that would be whatever building they referred to.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So the variable admission fee is a binary thing, time of day is like morning, afternoon, night, is that the deal?
Speaker C: That's how we have it currently set up, but it could be based upon hour or...
Speaker C: Or we could just re-hidden it, discretize it.
Speaker A: Normally, context would include a huge amount of information, but we are just using the particular part of the context, which consists of the switch that they flick to indicate whether they're tourist or not.
Speaker A: Okay, so it's given in there.
Speaker A: Right, so it's not really all of context.
Speaker A: The velocity is not all of the velocity, but simply for our purposes, whether or not the appear tends to relax.
Speaker B: That's very nice.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So the context is the switch between tourist or non-tourist or unknown?
Speaker C: Or unknown.
Speaker D: Yeah, unknown.
Speaker D: So final desk...
Speaker D: So it seems like that would really help you for doing business versus tourist.
Speaker D: Which one?
Speaker D: Okay, so the context being...
Speaker D: I don't know if that question is sort of in general, are you...
Speaker D: Does it allow business people to be doing non-business things at the moment?
Speaker A: Yeah, it does.
Speaker D: Okay, so then you just have some probabilities over which of those it is.
Speaker A: Right, so then landmark is...
Speaker A: Oh, sorry, verb used is like...
Speaker A: Right now we only have three values, but in general there would be a probability distribution overall.
Speaker A: Verbs.
Speaker A: Rather, let me rephrase that.
Speaker A: It can take values in the set of all verbs that they could possibly use.
Speaker A: Nice walls, this binary, closed this binary, final destination.
Speaker A: Again, yeah, all those are binary, I guess.
Speaker A: And mode is one of three things.
Speaker B: So the middle layer is also binary now?
Speaker A: Yeah, anything with the question mark after it in that picture is a binary node.
Speaker B: Yeah, but also things without question marks are also binary.
Speaker B: Which things?
Speaker A: Nice walls.
Speaker A: Oh, nice walls is something that we extract from our world knowledge.
Speaker A: Yeah, sorry, it is binary.
Speaker A: It is binary, but it doesn't have a question mark, because it's very important.
Speaker B: Yeah, similarly closed, I guess.
Speaker B: So we can either be in a hurry or not, but we cannot be in a medium hurry at the moment?
Speaker A: Well, to do that we would add another value for that.
Speaker A: And that would require updating the probability distribution for mode as well, because it would now have to take that possibility into account.
Speaker D: So, of course this will happen when we think more about the kinds of verbs that are used in each case, but you can imagine that it's verb plus various other things that are also not in the bottom layer that would help you.
Speaker D: It's a conjunction of the verb used and some other stuff that would...
Speaker D: Right, other conjunction.
Speaker B:...declination in the exact way.
Speaker B: Well, the sort of landmark is sort of the object, right?
Speaker B: The argument.
Speaker D: Usually.
Speaker D: I don't know if that's always the case, I guess I haven't looked at the data as much as you guys have.
Speaker B: It's always worth putting in something.
Speaker B: Maybe at this stage we do want to sort of get modifiers in there, because they may also tell us whether the person is in a hurry or not.
Speaker C: Yeah, I want to get to the church quickly.
Speaker B: That would be a cue.
Speaker B: What's the fastest way?
Speaker B: Yeah, correct.
Speaker C: Alright, excellent.
Speaker C: Do we have anything else to say about this?
Speaker C: We can do a little demo.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, we could.
Speaker C: But the demo doesn't work very well.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Then it wouldn't be a demo.
Speaker A: I mean, we can do a demo in the sense that we can observe the fact that this will in fact do inference, so we can set some of the nodes and then find the probability of other nodes.
Speaker A: What should I observe?
Speaker A: Just set a few of them.
Speaker A: You don't have to do the whole thing.
Speaker A: Maybe the fact that they use a certain verb.
Speaker A: Actually, forget the verb.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: See, they discussed the admission fee.
Speaker A: And the place has nice walls.
Speaker C: I love nice walls.
Speaker C: I'm a big fan.
Speaker C: I started to grow on it.
Speaker A: And at the time of day's night.
Speaker A: Yeah, no wait.
Speaker A: That doesn't sound inconsistent.
Speaker A: They don't discuss the admission fee.
Speaker A: Make that false.
Speaker A: Alright.
Speaker A: It's night.
Speaker C: Was it okay?
Speaker C: I forgot to.
Speaker C: Nothing to bite me, a job of basis.
Speaker C: You have to click that and do this.
Speaker D: Yeah, that seems kind of redundant.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: That all you want?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So let's see.
Speaker C: I want to query, right?
Speaker C: The mode.
Speaker C: Okay, and then on here.
Speaker C: So let's see.
Speaker A: So that is probably the entering, Vistai, or a tag word.
Speaker D: And so slightly biased toward tangoing?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: If it's night time, they have not discussed admission fee and the net walls are nice.
Speaker C: So yeah, I guess that sort of makes sense.
Speaker C: The reason I say that demo doesn't work very well is that we observed everything in favor of taking a tour.
Speaker C: And it came up as tango, right?
Speaker C: Over and over.
Speaker C: We couldn't figure out how to turn it off of tango.
Speaker A: Huh.
Speaker A: It loves the tango.
Speaker A: But that's obviously just to do with our probabilities.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: We totally hand to the problem.
Speaker A: Okay, well, the question is this in this news.
Speaker A: Let's say 40% for this.
Speaker A: So obviously that's going to happen.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: Yeah, I put it.
Speaker D: Maybe the biased toward tangoing was yours then.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So we have to like fit the probabilities.
Speaker C: Spent my youth practicing the tango delamuerte.
Speaker B: However, you know, the purpose was not really at this stage to come up with the penalties.
Speaker B: But to get thinking about that hidden middle layer.
Speaker C: We would actually, I guess we're going to see, look at the data more.
Speaker C: We'll get more hidden nodes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But I'd like to see more.
Speaker C: Not because it would expedite the probabilities.
Speaker C: Because it wouldn't.
Speaker C: It would actually slow that down tremendously.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, I guess.
Speaker A: But not that much though.
Speaker C: When do you literally?
Speaker C: I think we should have exponentially more middle nodes than features we've extracted.
Speaker C: I'm just interested.
Speaker D: So are doing business versus tourists?
Speaker D: They prefer your current task.
Speaker A: Like with current what you want to do at this moment.
Speaker A: That's an interesting point.
Speaker A: Whether you're, whether it's not, I think it's more like are you a tourist?
Speaker A: Are you in Ham, like, Hydealberg for?
Speaker D: I thought that's directly given by the context.
Speaker D: That's the difference.
Speaker A: What if the context which is not said, but still they say things like, I want to go see the castle and.
Speaker C: I kind of said, not of doing business is more of running an errand type thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, business on the other hand is definitely what you're doing.
Speaker B: So if you're running a tourist and.
Speaker D: Oh, I see.
Speaker D: You may have a task.
Speaker D: You have to go get money.
Speaker D: So you're doing business at that stage.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: How do I get the money?
None: I see.
Speaker A: And that'll affect whether you want to enter.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So the tourist node should be very consistent with the context node.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: If you say that's more there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: In general, in this context node is a bit of a background.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: Like, do we want to have like, are you assuming that or not?
Speaker D: Like, is that to be?
Speaker D: I mean, if that's accurate, then that would be.
Speaker A: The context node is said one way or another that like strong the.
Speaker A: So something or whether or not there to us.
Speaker B: So what's interesting is when it's not when set to unknown.
Speaker B: We're okay.
Speaker A: Set the set the context to unknown.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Right now we haven't observed it.
Speaker A: So I guess it's sort of averaging over all those three possibilities.
Speaker B: But yes, you can set it to unknown.
Speaker B: And if we know to do everything else.
Speaker B: As is.
Speaker B: The result should be the same, right?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Well, no, because we the way we set the probabilities.
Speaker A: My nod if.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's it's an issue, right?
Speaker A: Like.
Speaker B: Pretty much the same.
Speaker A: Yeah, it is.
Speaker A: So the issue is that in beliefness is not common to do what we did.
Speaker A: Like having, you know, a bunch of values and then unknown as an actual value.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: What's common is you just like don't observe the variable right and then just marginalizes.
Speaker A: But we didn't do this because we felt that they're I guess we were thinking in terms of a switch.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: But I don't know what the right things to do for that.
Speaker A: I don't know if I told you I'm happy with the way it is.
Speaker B: Why don't we, how long would it take to add another note on the observatory and play around with it?
Speaker C: Another note on what?
Speaker C: Well, it depends on how many things it's linked to.
Speaker B: Let's just say make it really simple if we create something that for example would be.
Speaker B: So somethings can be landmarks in your sense, but they can never be entered.
Speaker B: So for example, statue.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So maybe we want to have landmark meaning now, interrubble landmark versus something that's simply just a vista point for example.
Speaker B: Yeah, statue or.
Speaker A: So basically it's just a variable that's entrubble or not.
Speaker A: So like an intruple question mark.
Speaker C: Also, you know, didn't we have a size this one?
Speaker C: What size of the landmark?
Speaker C: I guess it's not when we were doing this, but I guess it's a point.
Speaker C: It's a reason I had that.
Speaker C: Okay, that was a thought that I had at one point, but then went away.
Speaker A: So you want to have a note for like whether or not it can be entered?
Speaker B: Well, for example, if we include that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Accessibility or something.
Speaker B: Can it be entered?
Speaker B: Then of course this is sort of binary as well.
Speaker B: And then is also the question whether it may be entered in the sense that, you know, if it's from the house of Tom Cruise, you know, it's entrubble, but you may not enter it.
Speaker B: You're not allowed to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And as you are whatever is divorce lawyer or.
Speaker B: And these are very observable sort of from the from the ontology sort of things.
Speaker C: Does it actually help to distinguish between those two cases though?
Speaker C: Whether it's practically speaking intribule or actually physically intribule or not?
Speaker D: It seems like a word for determining whether they want to go into or not.
Speaker B: Well, I can see why.
Speaker B: If you're running an errand, you may be more likely to be able to enter places that are usually not.
Speaker B: And you know, usually not allowed to out.
Speaker B: Let's get this clear.
Speaker B: So it's a matrix between.
Speaker B: If it's not enterable, whether it's whether it's a public building.
Speaker C: And whether it's actually has a door.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: So Tom Cruise's house is not a public building, but it has a door.
Speaker C: But the thing is, okay, explain to me why it's necessary to distinguish between whether something has a door and is not public.
Speaker C: Or something, it seems like it's equivalent to say that it doesn't have a door and it or not public and not a door equivalent of things.
Speaker C: It seems like in practice.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we would have, what does that mean then that we have to, we have an object type statue that really is an object type.
Speaker B: So there's going to be a bunch of statues.
Speaker B: And then we have, for example, an object type, let's say hotel.
Speaker B: How about hotels?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So the most famous building in Heidelberg is actually a hotel.
Speaker B: So a hotel Sumrita, which is the only Renaissance building in Heidelberg that was left after the big destruction and for the 30 years wall.
Speaker B: Does it have nice walls?
Speaker B: It has wonderful walls.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker B: And lots of detail, carvings and cravings and so on.
Speaker B: But still an unlikely candidate for the Tango boat, I must say.
Speaker B: But so if you are a, well, it's very tricky. So I guess your question is so far I have no real argument why to differentiate between statues and houses of celebrities.
Speaker B: Okay, let's do a, can we add to so I can see how it's done a has door property or what would it connect to?
Speaker B: Like what would affect it might affect?
Speaker B: Oh, actually, it wouldn't affect any of our notes, right?
Speaker B: What I was thinking was if you had a, like, it affects the doing business.
Speaker C: You could affect, theoretically, you could affect doing business with has door.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Right. That's a, yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know if Java base is nice about that.
Speaker A: It might be that you add a new thing pointing to a variable.
Speaker A: It just like it just overrides everything.
Speaker A: But you can check.
Speaker C: Oh, we have it saved.
Speaker C: So we can open it up again.
Speaker C: It's true.
Speaker C: The safety net.
Speaker D: I think you could just add it.
Speaker D: I mean, I have to be working.
Speaker A: Well, that's fine.
Speaker A: But we have to see the function now.
Speaker A: Has it become all 0.5's or not?
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker C: So this is has door.
Speaker C: It's true false.
Speaker C: That's acceptable.
Speaker C: I want to edit the function going to that, right?
Speaker C: No, this is fine.
Speaker C: This is fine.
Speaker C: Right.
None: That is fine.
Speaker A: I'm going to edit this one.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: What would be nice if it is if it just like kept the old function for right away?
Speaker C: But nope.
Speaker C: Oh, I should do it.
Speaker C: Oh, wait.
Speaker C: It might be that we...
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: That's not good.
Speaker A: That's kind of annoying.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: So just just just miss everything.
Speaker B: Close it and load up the old state.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker B: Doesn't screw that up.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe you can read it.
Speaker B: So I've used Java Beaslot.
Speaker B: I haven't used it a lot.
Speaker B: And I haven't used it a lot.
Speaker D: I haven't used it a lot.
None: You know, many months.
None: So.
None: Okay.
None: We can ask someone.
None: It might be worth asking around.
Speaker D: Like, I'm not going to be able to do it.
Speaker A: We can ask someone.
Speaker A: It might be worth asking around.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We looked at sort of a...
Speaker D: To me.
Speaker D: To me, it's a one to ask I would say.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: He might know.
Speaker A: Because, yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, in a way this is a lot of good features in Java.
Speaker A: It has a gooey and it's...
Speaker A: It's those are the main two things.
Speaker A: It does learning.
Speaker A: It doesn't actually.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: I didn't think it did learning.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Maybe I did a little bit of learning.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Maybe you're right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: But it's free.
Speaker A: Which is quite positive here.
Speaker A: But, yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe another thing that...
Speaker A: But I mean, is interface is not degrees.
Speaker C: But it actually had an interface.
Speaker C: A lot of them were like, you know.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Command line.
Speaker B: What is the code?
Speaker B: Can we see that?
Speaker B: How do you write the code?
Speaker B: Or do you actually never have to write any code there?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: There is actually a text file that you can edit.
Speaker A: But it's...
Speaker C: You don't have to do that.
Speaker C: It's like an XML format for base nets.
Speaker C: Is it XML?
Speaker C: There is one.
Speaker C: I don't know if this uses...
Speaker C: Oh, I see no.
Speaker A: This doesn't use it.
Speaker A: But...
Speaker A: You can look at the text file.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: But do you have it here?
Speaker A: Yes, I do, actually.
Speaker C: Oh, yes, of course.
Speaker C: Oh, man.
Speaker C: Is there an ampersand in DOS?
Speaker C: Nope.
Speaker C: Just start up a new DOS.
Speaker C: That's all right.
Speaker C: I can probably double click.
Speaker C: Click on it.
Speaker C: Or...
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: Let's see.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: Come on.
Speaker A: You'll ask you what you wanted once...
Speaker A: What you want to open it with and see...
Speaker A: What bad, I guess?
Speaker C: These days, it should open this theoretically.
Speaker C: Go with the right mouse.
Speaker B: Open with.
Speaker C: That's all.
Speaker C: There we go.
Speaker C: I was just...
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: I was dead.
Speaker C: To the world.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: To the old note pet, that's my favorite pet.
Speaker B: I like word pet?
Speaker C: I like word pet because it has the returns, the carriage returns on some of them.
Speaker C: And how do I get autofills, I guess, or whatever you call it?
Speaker C: Anyway, there it is.
Speaker B: So this sort of list-be?
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: It just basically looks like it is as much as tracks.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's how actual probability tables are specified.
Speaker A: It's like lists of numbers.
Speaker A: So theoretically, you would edit that.
Speaker A: They're not very friendly.
Speaker A: Yeah, the ordering is very clear.
Speaker A: So you'd have to figure out the table.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, if we could write a program, we could generate this.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker A: Yeah, you could.
Speaker A: Yeah, we can maybe write an interface for entering probability distributions easily.
Speaker A: Like a little script.
Speaker A: That might be worth it.
Speaker D: Yeah, I actually seem to recall extremely complaining about something to do with entering probability.
Speaker D: So this is probably-
Speaker A: The other thing is it isn't Java.
Speaker C: So we could manipulate the source itself. Or-
Speaker B: Do you have the source file?
Speaker A: I don't know if you actually have it. I saw it directly called source.
Speaker A: I didn't- Yeah.
Speaker C: Go up one.
Speaker C: Up one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, yes.
Speaker C: Good source.
Speaker C: That's quite nice.
Speaker A: I don't know if you actually manipulate the source though.
Speaker A: That might be a bit complicated.
Speaker A: I think it might be simply just- Have a script that, you know, it's like friendly and logical.
Speaker E: The two types of things as well.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: But if there is an XML file that a format that it can also read, I mean, it just reads this right when it starts.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know there is an- I was looking on the web page and he's updated it for an XML version of, I guess, Bayesnet.
Speaker C: Social Bayesnet is back for it in the next model.
Speaker A: He's- Like this guy has?
Speaker A: So, but he doesn't use it.
Speaker A: So in what sense is he updated it?
Speaker C: Well, you can either- You can read both.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker A: To my understanding.
Speaker C: No, that would be awesome.
Speaker C: Because, well, at least I could have misread the web page I haven't been doing that, but-
Speaker B: Good, wonderful.
Speaker C: So you got more slides? Do I have more slides?
Speaker C: Um, yes, one more.
Speaker C: Future work.
Speaker C: I think every presentation should have a future work slide.
Speaker C: But, uh, it's basically already talked about all this stuff, so-
Speaker A: The addition of things I guess learning the probabilities also. That's maybe, I don't know.
Speaker C: That's future-future work.
Speaker C: That's, yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
None: Future.
Speaker C: And of course, if you have a presentation that doesn't- That doesn't work at all, then you have what I learned.
Speaker C: As a slide.
Speaker D: Can't you have both?
Speaker C: You could.
Speaker C: My first approach failed.
Speaker C: What I learned.
Speaker C: Okay, so I think that- I had a presentation finished.
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker C: I don't know what I'd like about these meetings is one personal nod, and then the next personal nod just goes all the way around the room.
Speaker C: So, yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, earlier I went and busker went.
Speaker C: And he did.
Speaker B: Like yawning.
Speaker B: This and this one wasn't straight away, yo.
Speaker B: Okay, so this means-
Speaker C: Should I pull up the-
Speaker D: Yeah, could you put the net up again? There we go.
Speaker C: And then, actually, is that gonna wireless mic on?
Speaker D: So, a more general thing than discussed admission fee could be- I'm just wondering whether the context, the background context of the discourse might be, I don't know if there's a way to divide it, or maybe, you know, generalize it in some way.
Speaker D: There might be other cues that say, in the last few utterances, there has been something that is strongly associated with, say, one of the particular modes.
Speaker D: I don't know if that might be- And into that node would be various things that could just specifically come up.
Speaker B: I think a sort of general strategy here, you know, this is excellent because that's your thinking along these terms is that maybe we could observe a couple of discourse phenomena such as the admission fee and something else and something else that happened in the discourse before.
Speaker B: And let's make those four.
Speaker B: And maybe there are two- So maybe this could be sort of a separate region of the net, which has two- has its own middle layer.
Speaker B: Maybe this, you know, has some kind of funky thing that if this and this may influence these hidden nodes of the discourse, which is maybe something that is a more general version of the actual phenomenon that you can observe.
Speaker B: So things that point towards-
Speaker C: So instead of a single node for, like if they said the word admission fee- Exactly, yeah.
Speaker C: Admission fee or maybe, you know, how much to enter or, you know, something other cues- Open hours exactly.
Speaker C: They would all funnel into one node that would constitute entrance requirements or something like that.
Speaker C: Yeah, visit.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker D: I mean, it sort of gets into plan recognition kinds of things in the discourse.
Speaker D: I mean, that's like the big thing, you know.
Speaker B: And then maybe there are some discourse acts if they happen before.
Speaker B: It's more for a cue that the person actually wants to get somewhere else and that you're in a route, sort of proceeding past these things.
Speaker B: So this would be just something that where you want to pass it.
Speaker B: Is it it?
Speaker B: However, these are of course then the nodes, the observed nodes for your middle layer.
Speaker B: So this again points to final destination doing business, tourist, hurry and so forth.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And so then we can say, okay, we have a whole-
Speaker D: That's a whole set of discourse related cues to your middle layer.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly. And this is just then just one.
Speaker B: So because at the end of the more we add, you know, the more spider webbish it's going to become in the middle and the more of hand editing, it's going to get very ugly.
Speaker B: But with this way we can say, okay, these are the discourse phenomena.
Speaker B: They may have their own hidden layer that points to some of the real hidden layer or the general hidden layer.
Speaker B: And the same we will be able to do for syntactic information, the verbs used, the object types used, modifiers.
Speaker B: And maybe there's a hidden layer for that.
Speaker B: And so for that we have context.
Speaker A: Yeah, so essentially a lot of those nodes can be expanded into little based nets of their own.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker E: Precisely.
Speaker C: One thing that's kind of been bugging me when I'm more I look at this is that, I guess the fact that there's a complete separation between the observed features and the output.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean it makes it cleaner but then, I mean, for instance if the discourse does, well for instance the discourse admission fee node seems like it should point directly to the, or increase the probability of enter directly versus going there via tourist.
Speaker A: Yeah, or we could add more sort of middle nodes.
Speaker A: Like we could add a node, like do they want to enter it which is affected by admission fee and whether it's closed and whether it has a door.
Speaker A: So it's like, there are those the two options either like make an arrow directly or.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker B: And if you do, if you connect it too hard you may get such phenomena back.
Speaker B: So how much does it cost to enter?
Speaker B: The answer is $250 and then the person says, yeah, I want to see it.
Speaker B: Meaning it's way out of my budget.
Speaker C: There are places in Germany where it costs $250 to enter.
Speaker B: Nothing comes to mind without thinking too hard.
Speaker B: Maybe, yeah, of course, opera premieres.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker B: So, you know, or any good old people.
Speaker C: You want to see the magic fluid or something?
Speaker D: Or maybe a famous restaurant or I don't know, various things.
Speaker D: The spy goes to the high level.
Speaker B: I think that the, I mean, nothing beats the admission charge prices in Japan.
Speaker B: So there are $200 is moderate for getting into a discotech.
Speaker B: Then again, everything else is free then once you're in the food and drink and so on.
Speaker B: But you know, we can, somebody can have discussed the admission fee and the answer is if we still, based on that result, is never going to enter that building.
Speaker B: Because it's just too expensive.
Speaker C: All right, I think I see.
Speaker C: So the discourse refers to admission fee, but it just turns out that they changed our mind in the middle of the discourse.
Speaker D: You have to have some notion of not just, I mean, there's change across several terms of discourse.
Speaker D: So I don't know how, if any of this was discussed, but how, if at all, this is going to interact with whatever general, other, other discourse processing that might happen.
Speaker C: What sort of discourse processing is, how much is built in this Markham?
Speaker B: It works like this.
Speaker B: The first thing we get is that already the intention is sort of they try to figure out the intention, right?
Speaker B: Simply by parsing it.
Speaker B: And this won't differentiate between our modes, but at least it'll tell us, okay, here we have something that somebody that wants to go someplace.
Speaker B: Now it's up for us to figure out what kind of going there is happening.
Speaker B: And if the discourse takes a couple of turns before everything or the information is needed, what happens is, you know, the parser parses it, and then it's handed on to the discourse history, which is one of the most elaborate, elaborate modules.
Speaker B: It's actually the whole memory of the entire system that knows who said what was presented.
Speaker B: It helps in an effort resolution, and it fills in all the structures that are omitted.
Speaker B: So, because you say, okay, how can I get to the castle?
Speaker B: How much is it?
Speaker B: And yeah, let's do it, and so forth, so even without it, and that for somebody has to make sure that the information we had earlier on is still here, because not every module keeps a memory of everything that happened.
Speaker B: So whenever the person is not actually rejecting what happened before, so as in, no, I really don't want to see that movie.
Speaker B: I'd rather stay home and watch TV.
Speaker B: What movie was selected and what's in it and what tone is going to be sort of added into the representations, every, each dialogue step by the discourse model.
Speaker B: And it does some help in the effort resolution, and it also helps in coordinating the gesture screen issue.
Speaker B: So, the person pointing to something on the screen, the discourse model actually stores what was presented at what location on the screen.
Speaker B: So, it's rather huge thing.
Speaker B: We can sort of have a very clear interface, we can query it, whether admission fees were discussed in the last turn, and the turn before that, or, you know, how deep we want to search.
Speaker B: We're just a question, how do we want to search, you know.
Speaker B: But we should try to keep in mind that, you know, we're doing this sort of for research, so we should find a limit that's reasonable and not go all the way back to Adam and Eve.
Speaker B: You know, the person ever discussed admissions fees in his terror life.
Speaker B: And the dialogues are pretty, pretty concise in any way.
Speaker D: So, one thing that might be helpful, which is implicit in the use of admission fee discussion as a queue for entry, is thinking about the plans that various people might have.
Speaker D: Like all the different sort of general schemas that they might be following.
Speaker D: Okay, this person is finding out information about this thing in order to go in as a tourist or finding out how to get to this place in order to do business.
Speaker D: Because then anything that's a queue for one of the steps would be slight evidence for that overall plan.
Speaker D: I don't know, in none, in sort of more traditional AI kinds of plan recognition things, you sort of have, you know, some idea at each turn of doing something.
Speaker D: Okay, what plans is consistent with, and then you get some more information, and then you see, here's a sequence that this sort of roughly fits into.
Speaker D: It might be useful here too, I don't know how, you know, you'd have to figure out what knowledge representation would work on that.
Speaker B: This plan scheme, I mean, there are some of my extremely elaborate, you know, what do you need to buy a ticket?
Speaker B: You know, and it's 50 steps, just for buying a ticket, a ticket counter.
Speaker B: You know, and maybe that's helpful to look at those.
Speaker B: It's amazing what human beings can do.
Speaker B: When we talked, we had the example, you know, of you being a person on a ticket counter working at a railway station, and somebody runs up to you with a suitcase in a sense as New York.
Speaker B: You say, track seven.
Speaker B: And it's because you know that that person actually is following execute a whole plan of going through 150 steps without any information, other than New York.
Speaker B: And for everything, for the context.
Speaker B: Even though there is probably no train from New York, right?
Speaker D: Not direct.
Speaker C: Did I probably have to transfer in Chicago?
Speaker B: It's possible.
Speaker B: No, you probably have to transfer also somewhere else.
Speaker B: Is that something?
Speaker B: I think Scotie Carvell, it's not possible.
Speaker C: One time I saw a report on trains.
Speaker C: I think there is a, I don't know, I thought there was a line that went from somewhere, maybe it was Sacramento to Chicago, but there was like a California to Chicago line of some sort.
Speaker C: I could be wrong now.
Speaker C: It was a while ago.
Speaker D: The Transcontinental Railroad, isn't that Ring of Bell?
Speaker C: I don't know if it's still there.
Speaker C: I might have blown it up.
Speaker B: Well, it never went all the way, right?
Speaker B: I always had to change trains in Omaha. One track ended there and the other one started five meters away from that.
Speaker D: You seem to know where it is in the media.
Speaker B: Has anybody ever been on an app track?
Speaker D: I have, but not Transcontinental.
Speaker C: I'm frightened by Amtrak myself.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: They seem to have a lot of accidents on the Amtrak.
Speaker B: The reputation is very bad.
Speaker B: It's not like German chains.
Speaker B: German chains are really great.
Speaker B: I don't know whether it's which ones are safer, statistically.
Speaker E: But they're faster.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: Much faster.
Speaker A: There's much more than, yeah, they're way better.
Speaker B: I use Amtrak quite a bit on the East Coast.
Speaker B: I was surprised it was actually okay, from Boston, New York, New York, Rhode Island, whatever.
Speaker B: That kind of thing.
Speaker C: But that's a different issue.
Speaker C: That's going to be an interesting transcript.
Speaker A: I want to see what it does with the landmarkiness.
Speaker D: That's all I say at a few more times.
Speaker C: It helps to figure it out.
Speaker D: That structure that Robert Jenner on the board is more q-type based.
Speaker D: Here's like, we're going to segment off a bit of stuff that comes from discourse.
Speaker D: And then some of the things we're talking about here are more, you know, we mentioned maybe if they talk about, I don't know, entering or something, you know, like, they might be more task-based.
Speaker D: So I don't know.
Speaker D: There's obviously some more than one way of organizing the variables into something.
Speaker B: I think that what you guys did is really nicely sketching out different tasks.
Speaker B: And maybe some of their conditions.
Speaker B: One task is more likely you're in a hurry when you do that kind of doing business and less in a hurry when you're a tourist.
Speaker B: Tourists may have never had final destinations, you know, because they are eternally traveling around.
Speaker B: So maybe what might happen is that we do get this sort of task-based middle layer and then we get the sub-middle layers that are more key to this.
Speaker B: That's heated to this.
Speaker B: Might be a nice dichotomy of the world.
Speaker B: So I suggest to proceed with this in a sense that maybe throughout this week, the three of us will talk some more about maybe segmenting of different regions.
Speaker B: And we make up some toy observable notes.
Speaker B: What's the technical term for which?
Speaker B: The artificial notes, the evidence of features.
Speaker B: Identify four regions, maybe make up some features for each region and a middle layer for those.
Speaker B: And then these should then connect somehow to the more planned based deep space.
Speaker A: This is just refined some of the problems in all that completely ad hoc.
Speaker B: There will be ad hoc for some time.
Speaker A: I mean, close to the end we were like, you know, you're like, really ad hoc.
None: It was an even distribution.
Speaker A: Right, because it was like four things coming in, right, and some of them have like three possibilities and all that.
Speaker C: They want to enter but it's closed, it's nighttime, you know, they're adorists and all this weird stuff happens.
Speaker C: The possibility of the possibility of the competition is that they're like, confused.
Speaker A: I'm here just to rob the museum.
Speaker D: In which case you're supposed to alert the authority.
Speaker A: I don't think the other thing to do is also to ask around people about other business packages.
Speaker A: It's really going to be the meeting tomorrow, you know.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker E: Oh, sorry, sorry, Wednesday.
Speaker D: Maybe we can talk.
Speaker D: Who's the most?
Speaker C: I've never said I don't have any other.
Speaker A: No, but you mentioned the last meeting that someone was going to be talking.
Speaker A: I forget who.
Speaker B: Oh, isn't Ben?
Speaker D: Ben, I think it's Ben actually.
Speaker D: Giving this job talk, I think.
None: Sorry, just screen the screen.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So that will be one thing we could do.
Speaker B: We can start looking at the smart com tables.
Speaker B: I actually wanted to show that to you guys now.
Speaker B: Do you want to trade?
Speaker B: No, I actually made a mistake because it fell asleep.
Speaker B: Linux falls asleep on my machine.
Speaker B: It doesn't wake up ever.
Speaker B: I have to reboot and reboot without a network.
Speaker B: I will not be able to start smart com.
Speaker A: So we'll do that maybe.
Speaker A: But, okay.
Speaker A: But once you start smart com, you can be on.
Speaker A: You don't have to be on an network anymore.
Speaker A: Is that the deal?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Interesting.
Speaker B: What does smart com need a network?
Speaker B: It looks up some stuff that is written by the operating system.
Speaker B: Only if you get a DHCP request.
Speaker B: So my computer does not know its IP address.
Speaker B: Unless.
Speaker B: Who's up with that?
Speaker B: If I don't have an IP address, they can't look up.
Speaker B: They don't know who local host is.
Speaker B: Always.
Speaker B: But it's a simple solution.
Speaker B: We can just go downstairs and look at this.
Speaker B: But maybe not today.
Speaker B: The other thing.
Speaker B: I have to report data collection.
Speaker B: We interviewed Fay.
Speaker B: She's willing to do it.
Speaker B: Meaning be the wizard for the data collection.
Speaker B: Also maybe transcribe a little bit if she has to.
Speaker B: But also recruiting subjects, organizing them and so forth.
Speaker B: That looks good.
Speaker B: Jerry however suggested that we should have a trial run with her.
Speaker B: See whether she can actually do all the spontaneous eloquent and creativeness that we expect of the wizard.
Speaker B: And I talked to Liz about this and it looks as if Friday afternoon will be the time when we have a first trial run.
Speaker A: Who will be the subject of this trial run?
Speaker A: Will there be one of you going to be the subject like are you?
Speaker B: Liz also volunteered to be the first subject.
Speaker B: Which I think might be better than other guys.
Speaker B: If we do need her for the technical stuff then of course one of you has to sort of trump it.
Speaker C: I like how we have successfully narrated down.
Speaker C: Is one of you going to be the subject?
Speaker C: I don't want to jump in.
Speaker A: Reference.
Speaker A: I haven't done it yet.
Speaker A: Well then she great has to be someone who is familiar enough with the data to cause problems with the wizard so you can see if they're good.
Speaker D: Oh plant.
Speaker A: Someone who can plant difficult.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean that's what we want to check.
Speaker D: It's a sort of testing of the wizard rather than something.
Speaker D: Is that what it is?
Speaker D: Subject.
Speaker B: Yes we would like to test the wizard but if we take a subject that is completely unfamiliar with the task.
Speaker B: I think that's the setup.
Speaker B: We get a more realistic setup.
Speaker C: And that's probably a good enough test of having an actively antagonistic.
Speaker A: That might be a little unfair.
Speaker D: I'm sure if we, you think there's a chance we might need lives for whatever the technical side of things.
Speaker D: I'm sure we can get other people around who don't know anything.
Speaker D: If we want another subject, I can drag Ben into it or something.
Speaker D: Although he might cause problems.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Is the experimental setup for the data collection?
Speaker D: That on T-shirt.
Speaker D: Totally ready.
Speaker B: I think determined.
Speaker B: Experimental setup.
Speaker B: On the technical issue, yes, except we still need a recording device for the wizard.
Speaker B: Just a tape recorder that's running in a room.
Speaker B: But in terms of specifying the scenario.
Speaker B: We've gotten a little further but we wanted to wait until we know who is the wizard and have the wizard partake in the ultimate sort of definition.
Speaker B: So if on Friday it turns out that she really likes it and we really like her.
Speaker B: Then nothing should stop us from sitting down next week and getting all the details completely figured out.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: The ideal task will have whatever, I don't know how much the structure of the evolving base net will affect.
Speaker D: We want to be able to collect as much of the variables that are needed for that in the course of the task.
Speaker D: We're not all of them but you know.
Speaker B: So this tango enter Vista is sort of itself an ad hoc scenario.
Speaker B: The basic idea behind the data collection was the following.
Speaker B: The data we get from Munich is very command line simple linguistics stuff.
Speaker B: Hardly anything complicated, no matter for us whatsoever, not a rich language.
Speaker B: So we want to just to collect data to get that that that elicits more that elicits richer language.
Speaker B: And we actually did not want to constrain it too much.
Speaker B: Just see what people say.
Speaker B: We discovered the phenomenon, the phenomena that we want to solve with whatever engine we come up with.
Speaker B: So this is a parallel track.
Speaker D: So in other words, the state collection is more general.
Speaker D: It could be used for not just this kind of phenomenon.
Speaker B: It could tell us also maybe something about the difference between people who think they speak to a computer.
Speaker B: People who think they speak to human beings and the sort of differences there.
Speaker B: So it may get us some more information on the human machine pragmatics that no one knows anything about as of yesterday.
Speaker B: And nothing is changed since then.
Speaker B: And secondly, now that of course we have sort of started to lick blood with us, especially since Donald can't stop tangoing, we may actually include those intentions.
Speaker B: So now I think we should maybe have at least one navigational task with sort of explicit, not explicit, that the person wants to enter.
Speaker B: And maybe some task where it's more or less explicit that the person wants to take a picture or see it or something.
Speaker B: So that we can label it. That's how we get a copy of it.
Speaker B: Whereas if we just get data and we never know what they actually wanted, get no cues.
Speaker C: Already.
Speaker C: That was the official end of the meeting now.
Speaker A: So what's economics the fallacy?
Speaker C: I just randomly label things.
Speaker C: So that has nothing to do with economics or anything.
None: Okay, switching on.
Speaker B: I don't know what it is.
Speaker C: The secret plans.
Speaker C: So what happens is whatever I'm thinking about at the time happens to be the title of whatever I start writing.
Speaker C: And then I start writing.
Speaker C: But a lot of it is bad.
Speaker C: If you want to see what I write, it's on jigskacy.com.
Speaker C: I have a web page that I manage with some other people.
Speaker C: And I will start out writing a piece, realize it's bad and stop, but never deleted off my desktop.
Speaker C: That's a humor website.
Speaker C: The finger quotes are in there because it appears that it's only funny to me and two other people in the United States.
Speaker C: So how do you spell it?
Speaker C: J-I-G-G-S-C-A-S-E-Y.
Speaker C: Oh man, we should have put that in the transcript.
Speaker E: What was the website again?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: How do you stop?
Speaker B: I'll send it again.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker B: Clever.
Speaker B: You see this in a single image?
Speaker B: Yes, the blue thing here.
Speaker D: We'll turn it around.
Speaker B: This will come off soon and it's about the same day.
Speaker B: Is itião?
Speaker D: The red thing is that you have used it, er...
Speaker C: I was on the list but I got it indirectly.
Speaker D: So, um, definitely.
Speaker D: I mean, sometimes when this has happened before, like, you know, it was there in the 85, I think it's really something that I think is really, really, I think, yeah, I think it's really something that I think is really, really good.
Speaker D: So, I mean, it's definitely, I think.
Speaker B: It's also very cultural, different, you know.
Speaker B: I mean, you get the individual difference with some people,
None: the issues of, really? Any kind of sense?
Speaker B: Um, sensible cultural philosophy, very, really.
Speaker D: I think it's culturally appropriate and it's really not in a bit, but, yeah.
Speaker D: Do you have a bit?
Speaker C: I would volunteer but I don't know what goes into, uh, I've never done a condolence card before.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know if there's something that, um, should be, certainly, or made available for everyone.
Speaker D: Yeah, of the other issues.
Speaker D: In the past, I would be, you know, there's a big no card, but that's just, you know, it's not funny.
Speaker B: I mean, they can go for two at the same one.
Speaker B: Oh, you know, you can go for a channeling?
Speaker B: I'm trying to, in terms of exclusive, only to people that are in the Zoom, that the presence of them, whatever, N-T-L, or, you know, whoever we are,
Speaker D: I read this by myself. Yeah.
Speaker D: Um, yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe, um, maybe I'll show you the data, I'll just go ahead and try.
Speaker D: Thank you for having me.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Um, I guess I should, I said, I know, there's a thing, it's like, because for N-T-L-S, I mean, if I could say, I'd vote for a channel, but, you know, it's like, oh, yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know about mediums, I think,
Speaker D: it's, I think. I never can't think you want to have a big one,
Speaker E: I don't know. So, um,
Speaker C: it's like, if everyone could just sign their name
Speaker D: with something, it would be nice. Yeah.
Speaker D: That's how it would be, I think, um, I can get one.
Speaker D: I don't want one.
Speaker B: Okay, one for one thing.
Speaker B: That's what he was referring to,
Speaker D: by the way,
Speaker B: I think he was referring to it,
Speaker D: as well, as he was referring to it. So, of course, he was referring to it.
Speaker D: Yeah, and his, um, his vote, in fact, I definitely thought I was referring to it, but over the last few years, he's been getting interested in that.
Speaker B: And, every time he's been, I'm clear whether, how long it can last, or any position he's been.
Speaker B: So, he's been doing better.
Speaker B: This is the, this is the, uh, in Spencer, if you notice the matter is going to be, you're in it, and in the second four weeks, then try to keep your Saturday, or something Saturday.
Speaker B: I wonder if you're just interested about the date.
Speaker B: Yeah, the body, the body, the body, so, um, sometimes, I wonder whether we do something like that, just when I'm 15.
Speaker C: That would be acceptable, yes.
Speaker A: And we could, just, um, yeah, but, uh,
Speaker E: Betty Brothers.
Speaker B: Yeah, we, um, we do a lot of, um, I mean, I, if you mention that my, um, X-Men, the heart-cannon, you know, that's not my X-Men Brothers, I won't say this.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: Did you say A-Clover?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: What can you do when I'm talking about what you do?
Speaker B: This is, okay, you kind of think that X-Men,
None: you solve this. Now, you do what?
Speaker A: You plan it up and you solve it?
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: You don't have an X-Men?
Speaker B: So, it's a really young X-Men to go, you can solve it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You know, it's primers, and then, and then, please, I'll be right back.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker B: It's the first thing.
Speaker B: The first thing,
Speaker A: you know, the whole thing.
Speaker A: It's like, you're cubes.
Speaker A: You do most of the slides.
Speaker C: No, I assume you just slide this in.
Speaker B: Like press, okay.
None: Like press, press, okay.
Speaker C: Like, press, press in terms of, width and length.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Take your average.
Speaker B: So, it's the next one.
Speaker B: Okay, I see.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I didn't have.
Speaker B: What does it look like?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And then, you, you add, you add, you press, so some, what's the name of that?
Speaker D: Different, different.
Speaker D: Extmarine.
None: Straight up.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And, where can you pass me, the answer, that would be, some researches that are caring for you.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And,
None: Pendant. Pendant, Pendant.
Speaker D: Pendant.
Speaker B: Pendant.
Speaker B: And some people use that.
Speaker D: And what do you think is appropriate?
Speaker B: Actually, it's a function of the end result.
Speaker B: If it's really dry, spoons are better.
Speaker B: If it's not too dry, it's best to put the water in your hands, make them boil and then do the bit.
Speaker B: Then you're stored in the pan with all the water.
Speaker D: And then you're stored in the stove.
Speaker D: Leave.
Speaker D: I hope it gives us a big heart.
Speaker E: Next weekend.
Speaker E: I don't know yet.
Speaker B: It's a moment.
Speaker D: It is being.
Speaker B: You know, but there are some types of mushrooms.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker D: But come on.
Speaker D: Mushroom is not a vegetable.
Speaker B: Okay, that's actually the mushroom that's not a vegetable.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker A: You can put it in the mushrooms.
Speaker D: So you can put it in the mushrooms, too?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's like the big...
Speaker D: They're like this big and grow as it's like out there.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, some of the other mushrooms.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: I've heard that some of the other mushrooms.
Speaker B: Why would you say good?
Speaker B: You find mushrooms, for example, morsels.
Speaker B: You can't even pay a living, pay a box of five bucks for the ranch.
Speaker D: There's a really expensive...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, if you have to pay for a hundred dollars for maybe a half...
Speaker D: That's really expensive.
Speaker B: That's really, really expensive.
Speaker B: They only grow.
Speaker B: You can't cultivate more mushrooms.
Speaker B: You can only choose what they can for mushrooms.
Speaker B: Like, actually, cultivates?
Speaker B: Fine.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker B: These are really the bad ones.
Speaker B: They never sell people that.
Speaker B: But the real kind just grows out in the woods and cannot...
Speaker D: Real mushrooms don't...
Speaker D: They'll want to be a completely different thing.
Speaker C: You have to have them with pigs, right?
Speaker B: It's a couple of months of trouble.
Speaker B: Oh, just troubles.
Speaker C: I'm not the biggest mushroom fan.
Speaker B: I'm a big...
Speaker C: I replace mushroom with green beans.
Speaker D: My...
Speaker D: Green beans are fine, but...
Speaker D: No, green beans are great.
Speaker C: Green beans are the best thing in the world.
Speaker A: Never heard of this.
Speaker A: Anyway, it's a question of...
Speaker B: Actually, I think I'm a...
Speaker B: I mean, if you think of a green pepper gun...
Speaker B: I make some good pepper gun.
Speaker B: But the...
Speaker B: Is a mushroom and a green thing?
Speaker B: Maybe it's available.
Speaker C: Is mushroom and a green?
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Is mushroom and a green?
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Is there anything in the woods?
Speaker D: Bart, when I said, sorry, you don't like your time in here.
Speaker D: You're like, no, but...
Speaker D: Let me have a fun guy.
Speaker D: But it's normal because it's a floral thingy.
Speaker D: There's no way to make it worse.
Speaker D: We've tried...
Speaker D: We've been in an hour and a half.
Speaker D: Okay, mushrooms, like...
Speaker D: Like, Chinese twins.
Speaker A: They've been watching all these...
Speaker E: Because then you're going to fun guys.
Speaker E: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: Guys, fun guys?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Anyway, mushroom being Gus walking on a fun guy.
Speaker D: Anyway, I'm just a little...
Speaker A: Why does he have a few mushrooms?
Speaker A: Like, I need to be a coward or something.
Speaker D: But it doesn't...
Speaker D: Fun guy.
Speaker A: Fun guy.
Speaker A: His name is Gus anyway.
Speaker C: So, what about if the mushrooms on the date...
Speaker C: Or no, the mushroom is being described to someone else.
Speaker C: And you say, he is of the...
Speaker C: Violum fun guy is out.
Speaker E: Yeah, I've tried that one.
Speaker D: It's that.
Speaker D: So what do you say?
Speaker D: Violum fun guy is out.
Speaker D: Anyway.
None: So what about this?
None: No.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: The only similar joke I've heard of is...
Speaker A: A rope walks into the bar and the bartender says...
Speaker A: Sorry, you're kind of here.
Speaker A: So what's the rope?
Speaker A: A rope.
Speaker A: So then the rope goes out to stand...
Speaker A: The middle of the street and gets run over.
Speaker A: And then he comes back all torn and stuff.
Speaker A: And the bartender is like, hey, aren't you the rope who's here a minute ago?
Speaker A: He's like, no, I'm afraid not.
Speaker D: He has a time for a rope for a two.
None: Oh, yeah.
None: Anyway, it doesn't matter.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm afraid not.
Speaker D: No, I'm afraid not.
Speaker D: He's got a big classic.
Speaker D: He classes.
Speaker D: That's more like better than a washer.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's more like a washer.
Speaker B: That's what I'm talking about.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker A: I like that.
None: I like that.
Speaker A: I like the street.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Is it recording?
Speaker B: I turned my knob.
Speaker B: You have a department of the barcode?
Speaker E: I have a department of the barcode.
Speaker E: I've never entered my knob, actually.
Speaker D: It's an appropriate.
Speaker D: Like, we've gotten rid of the barcode.
Speaker D: It looks like...
Speaker E: Get one.
None: That's it.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
