None: I'm sorry, so...
None: I just didn't have to leave the end of the video.
None: Oh, I'm gonna leave it.
Speaker B: Mm-hmm.
None: You might be leaving the end of the back.
None: I'm just gonna leave it.
Speaker D: I'm sorry.
None: So...
Speaker B: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I think I...
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm sorry.
Speaker C: 14, 26.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Lovely to see you all again.
Speaker B: It's our conceptual design meeting.
Speaker B: And it's starting at approximately 14, 25, and so we have 40 minutes for this one again.
Speaker B: So we'll go just after 3 o'clock.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: All right, Genda, we're gonna do an opening.
Speaker B: I'm gonna review the minutes of the last meeting.
Speaker B: Then we'll have your three presentations.
Speaker B: And then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts.
Speaker B: Finally, we'll close.
Speaker B: So... opening.
Speaker B: These are our minutes from the functional design.
Speaker B: We decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it, because we have international appeal, and we said it's for all age groups, different functions of it.
Speaker B: Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion.
Speaker B: And in specific functions were something to keep the remote from getting lost.
Speaker B: Large buttons for the essential functions.
Speaker B: A possibility for extra functions like a sliding piece.
Speaker B: And a long-life battery or a charging station.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Now three presentations.
Speaker B: I'd like to do it in this order.
Speaker B: First, do the conceptual specification of components, properties, and materials.
Speaker B: That would be me.
Speaker B: And then the conceptual specification of user interface.
Speaker B: And finally, trend watching.
Speaker D: Alright.
None: Well...
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Function of edit.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker D: Alright.
Speaker D: I'm very excited by this one, actually, guys.
Speaker D: I had a lot of fun doing it.
Speaker D: Components design.
Speaker D: This is where you look at what does it take to make a remote control, and what should we make our specific remote control out of?
Speaker D: So we need to examine each element separately, but we're designing a full thing, so you want to keep it integrated as a whole.
Speaker D: The main elements of remote controls, in general, and therefore ours as well, are the case, the buttons, the circuit board with the chip, and the battery.
Speaker D: These are all things that we had sort of addressed before, but we're going to take each one a little bit separately here as we figure out what they should be made of and what they should look like.
Speaker D: The case, the options that I've gotten from headquarters about what we can do, there's a shape of a case.
Speaker D: We could do a flat case, a curved case, or maybe even a double, double-curved case.
Speaker D: I haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet.
Speaker D: Just keep that in mind, but these are the options that we have for manufacturing.
Speaker D: And we can make our case out of plastic.
Speaker D: The main base will be plastic, but we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in, wood, latex, titanium, rubber, or other colored types of plastic.
Speaker D: That would be our case.
Speaker D: For buttons, we have push buttons, which is what real reaction uses the most often, but we also have scroll wheels, which can have integrated push buttons, or we could go all high-tech and have an LCD screen.
Speaker D: Circuit board and chip, we can have a simple one, a regular one, or an advanced one, depending on what our other needs are.
Speaker D: And then battery, I think, is where things get most exciting.
Speaker D: We're talking about long-life batteries here.
Speaker D: We can have your basic AA batteries, but we also have these options of using a kinetic battery, like are used in high-tech watches, where you just have to move it a little bit to power up.
Speaker D: So simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery, or solar battery, although there are slight complications with solar batteries, as in we can't use a latex case if we have a solar battery.
Speaker D: Or something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about 50 years ago, flashlights.
Speaker D: Not quite sure what that is, but that's the description that I received, so that's what I'm passing on to you.
Speaker D: So those are our options.
Speaker D: And personal preferences that I was thinking through.
Speaker D: Here's what we've been talking about all through fashion and simplicity.
Speaker D: So if we're going for fashion in our cases, I think that what we're going to want to look at is a curved or a double-curved case, probably with a variety of design elements, maybe titanium, maybe some wood.
Speaker D: We're going to have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials.
Speaker D: That's sort of what I have in mind.
Speaker D: And we want to go for simplicity.
Speaker D: Probably push buttons, but I'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll wheel if anyone has anything.
Speaker D: Any ideas on that? I mean, I know the iPods and things right now have touch scroll buttons, which are exactly like what they're describing, so that might be something we want to look into.
Speaker D: And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery.
Speaker D: A solar, I don't think, would be such a good idea because how often are you sure that your remote control will get a certain amount of light?
Speaker D: But this idea of the kinetic that you don't have to replace and that a simple just shaking it around will make it work.
Speaker D: That would be a very interesting thing.
Speaker D: But I think we'd also want to go for a simple chip or regular chip to keep our costs down.
Speaker D: We really only need a regular or advanced chip if we're going to start using an LCD.
Speaker D: So I think we want to be aware of not making things overly technological if they don't need to be because that'll keep our manufacturing price way down.
Speaker D: That's what I have for options. I'd appreciate anyone's input, but that's what I'm seeing for the future of the look of this thing.
Speaker C: It's double curved, would that be like two hands kind of thing?
Speaker D: I'm not sure I haven't received any specific visuals.
Speaker C: Imagine like double curved is like, you know, like two sides, the curve and then one curve would just be like a single vertical.
Speaker D: Yeah, I'm not sure, but I'll let you know as soon as I get any pictures.
Speaker D: I wonder.
Speaker D: I know if we do have a double curved case, it can't have any titanium in it.
Speaker D: But the titanium they were quite they're marketing quite hard to us as being used in the space program.
Speaker D: So that could be quite interesting. Space age.
Speaker D: Just an interesting marketing kind of element.
Speaker D: That's been all I have to do guys.
Speaker D: I hope I didn't go through that too quickly.
Speaker B: Just a real quick question.
Speaker B: The weight of these different elements.
Speaker B: Have you? No idea.
Speaker D: I've no idea.
Speaker D: I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't going to take up that much weight.
Speaker D: And that titanium is very light.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker D: But of the seasons, that's really basic.
Speaker D: I mean, that's all I have gotten so far.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Any other questions?
Speaker D: No? Okay.
Speaker D: I'm kind of saving this in the shared projects.
Speaker D: If anyone wants to look, thank you.
Speaker D: And I have considerable notes on the topic as well.
Speaker D: If anyone needs any more information.
Speaker B: If you made notes yourself, you can put those on our underneath our book.
Speaker B: I mean, you're booked.
Speaker D: But if anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to email me or something.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: I guess I can.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Now we're concepts, concepts of user interface.
Speaker B: This one's so much tighter than the other.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Nope.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker B: There you are.
None: Let's see.
Speaker D: Oh, no, Jason.
Speaker D: Oh, Jason.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So I'm going to describe the concept of user interface.
Speaker A: This device.
Speaker A: We've talked about the two essential properties of the user interface.
Speaker A: We want it to be simple and we want it to be fashionable.
Speaker A: We've also got to remember that this is a device that serves as useful purpose.
Speaker A: We want people to be able to use it as a remote control.
Speaker A: So we need to determine what the essential functions of the device are and make sure that we include all of those and that we actually end up with a device that is going to be useful to people.
Speaker A: We have a number of different choices for a design concept.
Speaker A: And that's something that I'll show you some examples of.
Speaker A: But essentially we need to choose how is this device going to work?
Speaker A: How what kind of model is there going to be for user interaction with this device?
Speaker A: Once we've chosen a concept for it, we can then design the features of our concepts, making sure that we get all the essential functions in the device and the extra functions and the more advanced features.
Speaker A: And of course, we also have to make it look cool.
Speaker A: That's what we don't want.
Speaker A: We don't want lots of buttons complicated features.
Speaker A: We want something that looks nice and simple.
Speaker A: Here's a fairly simple device. This is an iPod for Mapple.
Speaker A: I think the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons.
Speaker A: It's very minimalistic in its design.
Speaker A: You use these four buttons to move around a range of settings on a small LCD screen.
Speaker A: The thing I like about this is that it's very, very quick to access the main features.
Speaker A: You can just about make up that the bottom three buttons are previous track, next track and playpours.
Speaker A: The main features of the iPod, the things you will use all the time.
Speaker A: Then if you want to do anything more advanced, you go into the little menu on the LCD screen and you use the buttons just to scroll around and find the more advanced features that you want.
Speaker A: I think that's a good model that we could have.
Speaker A: Here's another example.
Speaker A: It's an interesting idea. It looks pretty cool.
Speaker A: It's got novelty value. It's nice and colorful. It's nice and bright.
Speaker A: It's also something that you can feel your wear around.
Speaker A: The buttons are different shapes.
Speaker A: If you're watching TV in the dark or whatever, you can work out which buttons.
Speaker A: It's fun.
Speaker A: I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often.
Speaker A: You need a few buttons to select your favourite channels.
Speaker A: Most people when they watch TV, they have 250 channels on their TV and they watch them for them the most.
Speaker A: You have buttons for your favourite channel, changing the volume, which is something you do all the time when you're watching TV, and a button to switch off in case you get bored.
Speaker A: Other features, things like adjusting the brightness, tuning the TV, I don't know what else you do with the TV.
Speaker A: These are all necessary functions.
Speaker A: You can't have it. There's no point in having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast.
Speaker A: We need to find a way of including these somehow.
Speaker A: One of the suggestions I'd make is to include them in a menu system a bit like on the iPod.
Speaker A: We'd either have a small LCD display on the device itself or have a menu display that comes up on your television and can be controlled through the device.
Speaker A: I know it would allow you to access the advanced features whilst keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for the features you use most often.
Speaker D: Okay, so you'd be advocating on LCD then?
Speaker A: I think that's one way to go, yes.
Speaker A: The advantages and disadvantages, if you have an LCD display, it's nice because it lets you just sit there and control your television from your armchair.
Speaker A: There are disadvantages and LCD display would have to be quite small because we're...
Speaker A: I assume we're going to be making quite a small device.
Speaker A: It would also have to have a kind of backlighting in it because you tend to watch TV in the dark, but you need to be able to see your LCD display.
Speaker A: Your alternative is to have an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control.
Speaker A: I don't like how they have these digital boxes where you press the buttons and it comes up with your listing of what's on each channel.
Speaker A: That's also a good idea.
Speaker A: It does have its problems as well if you've got a small TV and you're sitting on the other side of a room.
Speaker A: It's hard to read the little text that comes up.
Speaker A: But that's the decision that we can make.
Speaker B: I do think that one of the important features for a remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on.
Speaker B: And so, like favorite channels is applicable, but I think that you do need to have some kind of function where you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it.
Speaker B: I know I use that often.
Speaker C: Is that separate from what he was saying?
Speaker B: Well, if it was an LCD on the remote, I don't know that you would be able to see it.
Speaker D: We're talking menu contrast and tuning the VCR or something.
Speaker D: If I've understood you rather than menu as what's on.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: That would be more specifically digital boxes.
Speaker A: If we put a display on the remote control, communication is one way.
Speaker A: So you can't have the televisions and information back to your mobile control.
Speaker A: Good point.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Now we're moving on to market marketing.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: What F.G.
Speaker D: Press five eight.
Speaker C: I don't know how relevant all of this is going to be.
Speaker C: Anything.
Speaker C: Oh, snap plugged in.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So we're going to look a little bit at trend watching.
Speaker C: Basically, I was given an executive summary that was.
Speaker C: I was looking at the market investigation on road controls that was recently conducted.
Speaker C: And then also some fashion washers and Paris and Milan commented on some things that are going to be going on this year.
Speaker C: So first, they had people, they ranked the important aspects of remote controls.
Speaker C: So that's going to be a reference, but that really over the next year that's going to be switching to fancy look and feel remote.
Speaker C: So that just goes back to the whole desire of our real reaction company wanting to focus on fashion.
Speaker C: So even though we're stressing, when we're talking, we've all been talking about this simplicity and easy to use idea.
Speaker C: They're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy looking feel.
Speaker C: And as these are ranked, the top one is doubly important to the second one, which is doubly important to the third one.
Speaker C: So just to take that weight into account.
Speaker C: The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations that would be like if we use something like the space material or the LCD screen, things like that.
Speaker C: And then ease of use was the third most important.
Speaker C: So really, no matter what we need to focus the most on fancy look of view, according to this, I don't know what you would get with that.
Speaker C: And then Fashion Watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes, shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables.
Speaker C: And that there's a preference for spungy type material.
Speaker C: And so that brings us to my personal preferences. Who wants this fun to your vote or want to their natural advantage?
Speaker C: Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's going to go out the style or go stale, excuse the pun, in a year.
Speaker C: So even though this is coming from us as, you know, trend watch market research, I don't know how much of a BNS is thoroughly want to take away.
Speaker C: Also, considering that the research has been carried out by real reaction, I'm a little hesitant as to like how these questions may have been worded.
Speaker C: And if necessarily this whole fashion to technology to ease of use is necessarily the right ranking, personally, like I might reverse it.
Speaker C: But if we're working for this company, then I guess no matter what we have to stress fashion the most.
Speaker C: But it doesn't necessarily need to be a spungy material.
Speaker D: There's all kinds of scope for imagination in that window.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't have a lot of notes to share if you want them that pretty much sums it up.
Speaker C: So yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, do we have any some questions for this?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: What can I possibly might not?
Speaker B: Do you have any ideas how to possibly use these, how to use a fruitive vegetable or the spungy material at all?
Speaker B: Like, could we make a like, could we make a spungy remote?
Speaker B: It would be easier on the hands.
Speaker B: If it's latex, it's kind of, then it would have to find a way to protect like the chip and all that.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: My understanding of latex cases that it's in fact hard to protect stuff inside, but it's covered with the latex, which is spun to your own softer on your hands.
Speaker D: There's something to be said.
Speaker D: I mean, we got that thing earlier from you about not wanting it to our repetitive stress injuries and things.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So something, something like that.
Speaker C: I mean, I think we don't want to go spungy.
Speaker C: I think I'm envisioning more like, you know, the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle so that it doesn't hurt.
Speaker C: You're sitting on it for a long time.
Speaker C: I'm imagining that sort of thing.
Speaker D: I don't know what that feels like.
Speaker D: Given the list of materials I was forwarded, that seems doable.
Speaker D: Could we go in fruit and vegetable colors?
Speaker B: You could color corn either.
Speaker B: Or maybe like a couple main ones being like an 11s or strawberries.
Speaker B: The buttons could be finished.
Speaker A: Could they be smelly?
Speaker A: Oh, God.
Speaker A: Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: Like a carrots or something.
Speaker A: Oh, it's quite carrot shaped.
Speaker D: Like carrots.
Speaker D: Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like large, but that's what I was thinking of.
Speaker C: What about the idea like a round remote instead of like a vertical up and down one?
Speaker C: In terms of holding it.
Speaker C: That's a fruit.
Speaker C: Might have tied in a little.
Speaker B: I think you'd be able to hold it because I think the reason that long is.
Speaker D: I think the harder to press, the harder to push.
Speaker A: When you use a remote, you press the buttons with your thumb usually.
Speaker A: What are your fingers?
Speaker B: I usually hold it on one hand, maybe.
Speaker A: I maybe want something that's shaped like a mobile phone.
Speaker A: So you hold it in one hand and you press the button.
Speaker B: The buttons would have to be very small.
Speaker D: No, I tend to do it.
Speaker B: But you think they're just your fingers down around.
Speaker B: But I mean in order to get to all of them, you know, they would have to be within a certain amount of space.
Speaker A: But it's only got like four or five buttons anyway.
Speaker D: And it's not so much about it.
Speaker D: When I'm pressing buttons on my iPod, that's how I do it.
Speaker D: Hold it and press.
Speaker A: Hold it in one hand and you press the buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah, and use my thumb or my pointer finger on the touch scroll wheel.
Speaker C: I love the idea.
Speaker C: We all like the iPod.
Speaker A: The button on the iPod, is it just four buttons or is it?
Speaker C: It's like five.
Speaker D: There's one in the middle.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean each version of it has been a little bit different.
Speaker B: The one I have doesn't have the four on it.
Speaker D: Oh yeah, you have one of the in between ones when they weren't doing that anymore.
None: And you press the center button.
Speaker D: That's your all purpose select button right there.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: I think why it would be good for us is because you could have the same wheel sort of effect for channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume.
Speaker C: Like just the idea of like those so few buttons for main things.
Speaker C: But then how you go back to the menu and like I don't know if we would want it on the screen there on the actual TV.
Speaker C: I kind of am wanting to say on the TV because if you're changing the brightness, you want to see it happening kind of.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: And it's still how that will be.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It might be good in theory but not as useful in practice.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Also, yeah, because you would be looking down at the LCD.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: I'll put your TV.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: We have about 15 minutes left.
Speaker B: So I'm going to continue with my presentation.
Speaker B: I have one more slide before we close but in that slide is when we need to make decisions about these kinds of things.
Speaker B: So I'll just bring that up and show you all.
Speaker B: We'll move on.
Speaker C: I think I need more information on fruits and vegetables.
Speaker C: Can we let you know?
Speaker D: Can we have changeable covers like for your mobile?
Speaker D: In different fruit and vegetable colors?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then the covers could be spongy latex, but the actual model could be tidy.
Speaker D: You could coordinate with your house or whatever.
Speaker D: It's option.
Speaker A: The packaging, it should be like a lemon and the packaging is like the peel.
Speaker A: So that's the opening of the box.
Speaker A: You just kind of peel it.
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker C: But I've had packages.
Speaker C: So that was like half the fun.
Speaker C: It's like the way it all comes off.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: The components concept.
Speaker B: Energy.
Speaker D: Oh, yes.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I sort of skipped over that hoping it wouldn't be necessary.
Speaker D: But this is the agenda they gave me.
Speaker B: So what can you just explain with that as real quick?
Speaker D: Decisions.
Speaker D: Decisions on energy I'm thinking is based on the battery.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: What do people think about this kinetic battery idea?
Speaker B: I think it's awesome.
Speaker B: I think it's really cool.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean, totally take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think it's good.
Speaker A: As long as we consider the cost and how reliable it is.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: I haven't gotten any more information on cost other than it's more expensive than a regular battery.
Speaker D: But over time.
Speaker D: But if we're using a cheaper chip and it even out, I think circuit boards.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced.
Speaker D: They're thin fiberglass with copper wires etched onto them.
Speaker D: And I think they're quite easily printed on by machine, which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us.
Speaker D: I don't really know what to tell you as far as decisions.
Speaker D: I wasn't really given any options.
Speaker D: I was just given that this is how they're done.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I can't really tell you.
Speaker D: I can tell you a whole lot about how it works.
Speaker D: But I don't know any decisions on.
Speaker B: If they're really options.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I'm sorry.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: I think we'll just get to the next one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Then we'll move on to the case.
Speaker B: I guess maybe if we decided on a simple, a regular or an advanced chip.
Speaker D: Here's the thing on the chips that I got.
Speaker D: Simple regular advanced chip on print.
Speaker D: It includes an infrared sensor, so we don't have to worry about that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: The push button, if we're going to have push buttons, they require a simple chip.
Speaker D: But a scroll wheel requires a regular chip and an LCD requires advanced.
Speaker D: Do we want a scroll wheel or do we just want push buttons?
Speaker A: I don't think we need a scroll wheel.
Speaker A: I mean, it might be nice for changing the volume.
Speaker B: But I don't know how useful it would be for changing the channel.
Speaker B: Because you don't have control over numbers or...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: It'd be handy for going through if there was an on-screen menu of your channel choices.
Speaker D: But if you could scroll down on a scroll wheel.
Speaker C: If you could scroll through the channels.
Speaker C: And then the volume would just be...
Speaker B: We have five minutes left for the meeting.
Speaker C: And the volume would just be the same way.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Forward and backward.
Speaker C: And it would make it much sleeker sort of looking.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And otherwise, no matter how many buttons we have, we're going to have like, you know, black with red sticking out.
Speaker C: And it's going to inevitably sort of start looking like...
Speaker C: That was a group of sort of ugly ones that we saw stacked up.
Speaker B: So have a scroll for volume.
Speaker D: Or for all those secret functions.
Speaker D: When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote...
Speaker D: Could do for you without the buttons.
Speaker D: And you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus.
Speaker D: I think.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think a scroll wheel would be nice, but it's not necessary.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: So we could either go with a simple or a regular chip, depending on...
Speaker D: Maybe we could table that design for later.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker B: I think, well, I think when we go into the user phase, we're going to have to decide...
Speaker B: The interface, we're going to have to decide whether we're going to have a scroll or not.
Speaker D: Well, let's think about that while we talk about the case.
Speaker D: Okay, let's do case.
Speaker D: I'm kind of liking the idea of latex.
Speaker D: If spongy is the end thing.
Speaker B: I'm a little hesitant about it because I'm worried about protecting the stuff on the inside.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, could it be hard and then something around?
Speaker B: Yeah, I would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone.
Speaker D: What I've seen just not related to this.
Speaker D: But of latex cases before is that there's a lot like a hard plastic inside and it just covered with the latex.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Not too thick a layer of latex, just enough to be grippable like bicandles or anything that you've seen like that.
Speaker D: The inside is hard.
Speaker D: I don't think we need to worry about protecting the circuit board.
Speaker D: I think that that's done for us.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we do want latex.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, um, I'm probably in colors, maybe fruity vegetable colors.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Fruity colors.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Um, let's go to the user interface then.
Speaker B: We'll come back to the chip, I suppose.
Speaker D: Oh, and we want a curved case.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Or a double curved.
Speaker B: Well, we don't really know what the difference is, right?
Speaker C: I think it's curved as some sort.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, um, okay.
Speaker B: Interface the type and the supplements.
Speaker B: So, push or scroll, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or both.
Speaker A: Um, and I think if we want to keep our costs, um, we should just go for push buttons.
Speaker A: Because then we can have a simple chip and it's simpler.
Speaker A: It's cheaper to make push buttons than it is a scroll button.
Speaker A: Good point.
Speaker A: So, in terms of economics, it's probably better than push buttons.
Speaker B: And if we had an on screen, um, kind of thing that you could scroll through, like you could use your buttons to scroll through things.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: I think that, yeah, for channel surfing, I think a scroll, an actual, like an iPod's kind of scroll thing would be too fast.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker D: I say push buttons, at least unless we get any information that I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than a push button, but it's got to be some more expensive.
Speaker D: So, I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like kinetic battery in the cool case.
Speaker D: Is that okay with you?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And let's like see if we get anything else.
Speaker C: I mean, I'm not like hard sold on the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: It's more just to give it a different kind of look.
Speaker C: But if it's going to be in a latex type thing, and that's going to look cool, then that's probably going to have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: So we're going to go with type push buttons and then supplements.
Speaker B: How are we going to do that?
Speaker B: What do you mean by supplements?
Speaker B: I assume that's what else we're going to, like the additional buttons we can use.
Speaker B: So we're going to have like a menu button so that we can access on screen things.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Then, okay.
Speaker A: So we're doing an on screen menu.
Speaker A: So what are buttons going to be on off?
Speaker B: So like one through five or like a radio type sort of situation.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: I feel like radio presets.
Speaker A: I think maybe numbers seems to come off.
Speaker B: Well, but in order to preset it, oh, you guess you can just hold it down when you get to one.
Speaker A: When you're scrolling through.
Speaker A: You need some kind of a nice up-down kind of button.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Up-down.
Speaker B: A volume control, a double, but for example.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Finishing the meeting now.
Speaker B: Our next meeting starts in 30 minutes.
Speaker B: You each have things to do, look and feel, design user interface design, product evaluation.
Speaker B: And you two are going to work together on a prototype using modeling clay.
Speaker B: You'll get instructions from your personal coach.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker B: Do we decide on a chip?
Speaker B: Let's go with a simple chip.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We are done.
Speaker B: Thank you, everyone.
Speaker B: Oh, I think these are already in our shared folder.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: It's not too hot.
