Speaker C: to do now is decide how to fulfill what your stuff is.
Speaker C: OK.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: It kind of does make sense, isn't it?
Speaker B: Because when we get into the end of meeting, we're kind of talking about action and design, as opposed to background.
Speaker B: Everything I have is kind of background.
Speaker F: OK, we're all ready to do.
Speaker F: We'll have it in this meeting then.
Speaker F: If we just recap on the minutes from the last meeting, we decided on our target group being 15 to 35.
Speaker F: We decided that it was going to be normally chargeable battery power, that we're going to group our audio, visual, and other functions into those categories.
Speaker F: And I told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext, ignoring everything, accept the TV, and trying to incorporate the corporate color and slogan.
Speaker F: Start with the last meeting.
Speaker F: Is there anything?
Speaker F: Have I forgotten anything?
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: So everything.
Speaker F: OK.
Speaker F: So if we have these three presentations, and then if you have anything to kind of that you know you're going to want to discuss, maybe just make a note of it, and then we'll have all the discussion at the end.
Speaker F: I want you to have your idea this time.
Speaker F: And so if we start off with Angie and then Craig, and then David, is that all right?
Speaker F: And then after that we'll have to make some decisions.
Speaker F: I've got stuff.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker F: Get that.
Speaker F: Take this.
Speaker F: Screening quick, take it away.
Speaker F: How did we leave it with speech recognition?
Speaker F: No, we should say we're going to try maybe incorporate, but we hadn't made a definite decision on that.
Speaker F: We should also point out that the final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product.
Speaker F: OK.
Speaker F: So that's kind of the end result, hopefully.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: So does it function F8?
Speaker F: OK.
Speaker F: I think it's working.
None: Oh, no, we're good.
Speaker B: OK, great.
Speaker B: So we just start this.
Speaker B: OK, great.
Speaker B: So let's move on.
Speaker B: Oh, where did it all go?
None: It's not good.
None: OK.
None: OK.
Speaker B: So let's move on.
Speaker B: Oh, where did it all go?
Speaker B: It's not good.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: Let me just see where I find it.
Speaker B: Is it one like it?
Speaker B: I think I just opened up the template.
None: So we know that.
None: OK.
None: All right.
None: So let's have a look here.
None: OK.
None: So this was the method that I've taken.
Speaker B: Basically what I want to do here.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: So we're going to do that.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: So we're going to do that.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: So we're going to do that.
Speaker B: OK, so this is the method that I've taken.
Speaker B: Basically what I want to do here, before we get into it too far, I want to show you all the background information I have that I think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker B: And then sort of go through some of the way that I've dealt with that information and then sort of bring us all together into it to see how this fits in with the overall vision.
Speaker B: So I've tried to take a whole lot of market research and summarize it for us.
Speaker B: And then identify trends that are sort of in sync and are important to our project plan that we have so far.
Speaker B: And then initiate a kind of discussion on design options.
Speaker B: So that sort of helps us to narrow in on aspects that will inform other elements of the project.
Speaker B: Does that make sense?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That sort of strategy.
Speaker B: I thought that that will impact on the rest of what we do.
Speaker B: So that's why I suggest we get in.
Speaker B: OK, so out of different figures and ratings of people in general, consumers in general, the number one thing that was found was that the television remote control of a fancy-looking feel, OK, and not specified, not a functional look or feel.
Speaker B: Fancy.
Speaker B: However, this is where we kind of have to be very, I think, creative about it.
Speaker B: Number two was that it be innovative.
Speaker B: OK, so that tells me that we have to find a way to be innovative without adding just unnecessary sort of functional bits to it.
Speaker B: And third priority for ease of use.
Speaker B: So again, that kind of gives us a general picture of how it has to be quite user-friendly while still having technology.
Speaker B: So I'll just say right away as a bit of a foreshadowing into how we proceed with this in terms of marketing is that I think what we should think about is how the, about how the innovation contributes to the look and feel and not so much to the functionality of it.
Speaker B: For example, like when you pick it up and push it, like it all lights up or something, you know what I mean?
Speaker B: Or it's got something else to it that just seems innovative because obviously the thing that the message here is ease of use.
Speaker B: So how do you make innovation make something more easy to use?
Speaker B: Well, that's, I guess, where we're going to go with this.
Speaker B: OK, then there's the other aspect of the back of the market research I have here is on fashion style, which, as we've agreed is a priority.
Speaker B: Top European fashion trend that I read about says there's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetable.
Speaker B: OK, especially in clothes and furniture.
Speaker B: And when I first saw that I thought, well, do we want to actually try and think about this trend and how we add something to it?
Speaker B: Or we get right into it or we completely steer away from it?
Speaker B: OK, OK.
Speaker B: My feeling is that we do want to observe this trend, but we want to think also about the fact that it sort of has to fit in with something which is not specifically electronics.
Speaker B: Because I think what we're in, what we're in is partly sort of home decor, partly something like a computer.
Speaker B: So I think we might want to be careful about how quickly we create like a remote control in the shape of an apple or something. I think that would be pushing it.
Speaker B: And then in terms of material trends are for things to be soft and spongy and sort of, I might say ergonomic or friendly to handle, which is, which also indicated that last year this was, this was not the case.
Speaker B: So probably a lot of the competition on the market will be still in last year's mode. So if we try and really capitalize on that, I think that'll be in our favor.
Speaker B: So this is the summary of everything.
Speaker B: Style is number one thing in the market of who we're selling to.
Speaker B: Innovative design technology is also a must in that it seemed to be seem to be cutting edge.
Speaker B: But ease of use has to be ensured throughout. That was like the number three thing.
Speaker B: And then then there are vibrant natural colors.
Speaker B: That's the way I interpreted it anyway. Softness and material shape and function.
Speaker B: And so I wrote and written at the bottom to give us sort of a context of discussion.
Speaker B: Mac iPods. Something which is, I'd have to say very high tech. Ten gigabytes, whatever.
Speaker B: But when you hold it in your hand, there's like no buttons.
Speaker B: You know what a Mac has changed?
Speaker B: I'm thinking however Mac iPod is sort of last year's because it's very hard and sort of glassy and glossy.
Speaker B: So I'm thinking if we imagine that we're taking some of the features of a Mac iPod and we're then making it's more of like a more of like a comfortable type of, or more of like a maybe more vibrant friendly thing to have.
Speaker B: And then so this is with all that information, what I'm suggesting in this slide here is that we take these ideas and as we get into more the more.
Speaker B: Like sort of production side of things that we think about shape materials and themes or series that go throughout sort of like.
Speaker B: I don't know like we think of some kind of a theme that unifies it all that we agree on sort of like a marketing identity.
Speaker B: Does that make sense? Yeah.
Speaker B: So, so like I threw out a few ideas there just to kind of get us thinking along those lines like lemon line, I don't know, green colors, whatever just ideas I'm thinking that some of these ideas will seem quite coherent if we use them in terms of their, what people associate them with in terms of texture shape colors, things like that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Like the ones, the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like lemon or something like that, you know, something which is like you see a lot in other areas like I see lots of websites and things that seem to associate with like lemon line.
Speaker B: So, anyway, just just an idea. I'm thinking maybe we could incorporate some of these features into a fairly into something which is, which seems to have something to it which is almost gimmicky because like, like something to do with like lighting within it.
Speaker B: Like, you know, just this in the simple sense when you pick up a phone and touch a button, it lights up.
Speaker B: Usually the buttons light up. How can we build on that? Maybe like it could light up in different colors or something or people could buy the by the control and then it comes with different like covers or something.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Anyway, that's all I have, but hopefully we can revisit those ideas when we get into.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker F: Great.
Speaker F: Thank you for that.
Speaker F: Craig, do you want to plug yours in?
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: It's probably not sending.
Speaker F: Oh, something coming out.
Speaker A: So, little bit of concept.
Speaker A: To research it, I have a company, the homepage again, it's providing me with more examples of previous existing control controls.
Speaker A: There's a wee bit of discussion about the existing ones there.
Speaker A: So, I'm taking the suggestions from them and try to incorporate them into this.
Speaker A: And the side of the control and the buttons, the shape of the control and wherever the button should be located on the control.
Speaker A: I found from the research is that most of the current controls are just basically bricks with loads of buttons all over them.
Speaker A: They're not very attractive to look at and they're not very comfortable to hold.
Speaker A: They're just holding big bricks and they're very even lost.
Speaker A: They tend to be very dark colors so if they're shadowed places, they're in the catches, you can't really see them.
Speaker A: The controls themselves tend to use a very consistent color scheme.
Speaker A: For instance, the standby button isn't almost red, it really should be.
Speaker A: It's something that the user then identify with.
Speaker A: They say red switch off, that's how it should be.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if there's any other examples of that.
Speaker A: So from that, I've got a couple of preferences for the end control.
Speaker A: Again, with the red color button for standby and the other examples of that.
Speaker A: The button should be large, they should be tiny little things like heat and some mobile phones, they should be easy to prep, very comfortable.
Speaker A: One of the examples given on the home beach was there's an up and down volume button, both of them have a B on them.
Speaker A: So the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button, not as confusing.
Speaker A: It should avoid things like that.
Speaker A: If the corporate color scheme allows it, we should have a very bright color so that it can be identified anywhere.
Speaker A: Obviously, it's trying to avoid being tacky there, but it could be timed very easily with your alignment.
Speaker B: Do we have a corporate color scheme?
Speaker F: I think it's yellow because the website is yellow and there's the band at the bottom.
Speaker F: The playdough's yellow.
Speaker F: Definitely food for the not there, but keep going and we'll discuss it.
Speaker A: Any extra features we add, the only basic ones should be hidden.
Speaker A: They shouldn't be on the, should be visible without something to be opened or special or extra effort.
Speaker A: If we do decide to go for a voice activation, the show will be about the alternative, possibly hidden in there, the open top section.
Speaker A: In case something was wrong with it, I can use voice to be a bit of cold.
Speaker A: We should definitely avoid the big square block book.
Speaker A: That's just wrong.
Speaker A: We've got an email from the research department.
Speaker A: They've said the voice control can now talk back if you ask a question.
Speaker A: It could be good to have them confirm any action you take.
Speaker A: I don't know where the spoken cue go.
Speaker A: I think it's fashion and dealt funnings.
Speaker A: We don't know how to explore the color scheme.
Speaker A: You can see you want the corporate colors, but you don't see if you can use any other colors at all.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Great.
Speaker B: Lots of good information there.
Speaker F: That was very good.
Speaker B: It's a shame the cable wasn't just in the middle.
Speaker B: I know it would be handy, wouldn't it?
Speaker F: Oops.
Speaker F: Do you want to sit in the line of sight of this?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: Let me just get this.
Speaker C: There it is.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I guess the same thing again.
Speaker C: I started with something very basic.
Speaker C: So just so you guys have some idea of what's involved in my process.
Speaker C: Then you can just work through it and either modify it or start from scratch, depending on what your needs are.
Speaker C: The components are exactly the same.
Speaker C: I think like what you guys said, the most input that's needed is basically in the user interface.
Speaker C: The rest of the components, they do have an impact in terms of cost and complexity.
Speaker C: Like you said, time to market was a problem.
Speaker C: And how many components are physically in their cost?
Speaker C: And the power is basically a factor of that.
Speaker C: And the lower components of the power, the logic, the transmitter, and the infrared, they affect you in terms of the size of your device.
Speaker C: And that would have some impact on how you hold rather than the actual use using the remote control because like we said, we've defined like we only want the basic things that to be visible in the rest of them.
Speaker C: We try to hide.
Speaker C: So, you know, it's just a matter of working out space.
Speaker C: So I guess three things.
Speaker C: Cost, complexity, and the size.
Speaker C: These are the three things that will have an impact on you.
Speaker C: So just go through the components.
Speaker C: These are the options that are available to you.
Speaker C: I'm not very sure about the voice thing because I got another email and it was quite sketchy on what the voice options are.
Speaker C: It said it could talk to you, but it never said anything about being able to listen.
Speaker C: It said something about a sensor, but it never clarified that.
Speaker C: So maybe if you could see the other email that they sent you because they got back to me in a different requirement.
Speaker C: Or different offerings of what components are available.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: So your basic components are buttons.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And you have a wheel available like a mouse scroll wheel.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: There's an LCD display.
Speaker C: I think these are quite standard things.
Speaker C: They're standard, I think.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Well, in a sense, these are all the options available for you.
Speaker C: I explained to you the complexity and the cost thing again a bit later.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Then there's how the case actually looks.
Speaker C: It can actually be flat or it can be curved.
Speaker C: And then the different types of materials that you can use.
Speaker C: I don't think you can use them in a combination, but I could check back for you, but I don't think you can actually use them in a combination.
Speaker F: You can have like plastic rubber.
Speaker C: I think plastic and rubber would be fine, but plastic rubber and wood.
Speaker C: I wasn't.
Speaker C: I'm not very sure about the titanium.
Speaker C: They had some restrictions on using the rubber and the titanium.
Speaker C: The rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use, but the titanium had a different kind of things on the shape of the.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So I think that there is some restriction on.
Speaker C: I think you could probably group plastic and rubber together.
Speaker C: Wood and titanium, but you know, it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one.
Speaker C: You know, as opposed to two.
Speaker C: And the other components are logic chips.
Speaker C: Again, I'll go back to the component chips.
Speaker C: How complex or how easy the logic is.
Speaker C: It depends on how many functions you have on the unit.
Speaker C: And that impacts cost.
Speaker C: I don't think the logic chip has an issue about size because they should be about the same size.
Speaker C: Power consumption should be about the same.
Speaker C: I think the main impact is complexity.
Speaker C: And the other thing is the power options.
Speaker C: The first one is the standard battery.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: The second one, I think, is more of a gimmick than actually a usable thing.
Speaker C: It's a wind up.
Speaker C: You know, a crank.
Speaker C: Just by moving.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But that might be something I think that's more of a look and field decision because I don't think you can have one power source if you're using the alternative power sources.
Speaker C: I think whatever this you still need a battery because I don't think anybody wants to keep doing one thing.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: The other ones are a solar power cell, which may not be a great idea in Europe or any country that has seasons because half the year you've been dead.
Speaker C: So like what I said, you probably need like a battery and something else.
Speaker C: And the kinetic one, I guess for me is the most interesting one because it's movement and people like to fit over there.
Speaker C: And it's a nice sales gimmick, I think, from a marketing gimmick.
Speaker C: It's a technology thing.
Speaker C: It's a shaker.
Speaker C: It doesn't shake it, knock it or something.
Speaker C: You know, you know, you have those balls, you know, those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it lights up and it goes, you know, that might be a gimmick combined with rubber.
Speaker C: You know, just to, if you get frustrated with remote control, you can throw it kind of, you know, just the, you know, so, okay, my, from my role, I don't think there are personal preferences, but role preferences, I think something comfortable to hold.
Speaker C: Small and slim, I guess that's more in the sense of small and slim in terms of comfortable, not so small, you can't, you know, like a phone or too small phone. And the other thing is from a production point of view, the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit.
Speaker C: And also the time to market and the complexity of developing, designing and debugging it.
Speaker C: So, okay, let me just go back and talk about some of the restrictions.
Speaker C: The user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features like the buttons are standard.
Speaker C: Okay, the LCD panel and the scroll wheel, you need more complicated logic.
Speaker C: The case, okay, with a rubber case, you can't have the solar panels.
Speaker C: Okay, with the titanium case, let me just check that.
Speaker C: Titanium case can't be curved, it has to be square.
Speaker C: Okay, there's no restriction on the plastic.
Speaker B: It can't be curved.
Speaker C: It can't be curved on the wood.
Speaker C: So that's, again, I don't think you can use them in a combination.
Speaker C: Okay, especially the titanium, I suspect they're very fixed to a particular need.
Speaker C: So mixing them may not be a good idea.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Question on, can I ask question?
Speaker F: Yeah, well, yeah, just quite keen to get the discussion going with the time we've left.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But yeah, can we power a light in this?
Speaker B: Can we get a strong and a battery to power a light?
Speaker C: I think we could, because the LCD panel requires power and the LCD is a form of a light.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So maybe one of the things we can just try and include is a really good battery.
Speaker F: Why, what kind of light do you want?
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I'm thinking it might be that for this to be a high tech thing, it's going to have to have something high tech about it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's going to take battery power and to make that, to make that a realistic goal.
Speaker B: I think one of the issues that will come up later is a battery power.
Speaker C: Are you thinking of a light in the sense of light light or a light in the sense of a low kind of Frankenstein?
Speaker B: Well, I'm thinking along the lines of you, you're in the dark watching a DVD and you, you find the thing in the dark and you go like this.
Speaker B: And that's what everybody does.
Speaker B: Always the volume button in the dark.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And you just touch it or you just pick it up and it lights up or something like a phone.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Like a backlight.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Whereas with phones, people charge them once a week.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We're going to need to put in a really good battery so people don't have to charge their remote control every few days.
Speaker C: That's why I think the option of the, the kinetic thing, which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch, like an on the watch.
Speaker C: But if people are going to want to shake their movie control, it's probably sensitive enough when you fill it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So you could trigger that to a light, like I said, the bouncing ball thing or you could trigger that to use that to power the light as opposed to, so when they pick it up right.
Speaker C: And then that sort of triggers.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Well, let's just go right back to the marketing ideas for a start.
Speaker F: And it's keeping an idea on the time we've got about 15 minutes to play with at most.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So, um, yeah.
Speaker F: So just to bear in mind that the ultimate goal of this meeting is to reach an absolute decision on the, the concepts of the product.
Speaker F: So back to your idea about, um, incorporating the idea of like fruit and veg and the corporate color and things like that.
Speaker F: Um, I mean, what does anybody think about?
Speaker F: Does anybody have any ideas about how we can fit all that in together?
Speaker F: I mean, that's kind of the user interface type of thing.
Speaker F: What are your thoughts on that?
Speaker A: I think I'm a corporate.
Speaker A: Um, maybe not our, our fruit ship, the, uh, very sort of curvy type ship, then you can have this intra-textual and color as stuff.
Speaker F: So maybe do it, are we thinking something that like could sit in your hand comfortably or sit you tooled on to comfortably or?
Speaker A: Um, possibly sitting in your hand comfortably.
Speaker A: So something quite curvy.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Um, right.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Color wise.
Speaker F: I mean, you, it was a year.
Speaker F: I can't remember who made the point about how if you have a nice bright color, you're not losing it.
Speaker F: Is that?
Speaker F: What's that mean?
Speaker F: About how if you have a bright color, you'll not lose it so much.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Um, and when the corporate color is yellow, I mean, maybe we can think about, about the color of the whole product being yellow, I don't know.
Speaker F: Um, and then obviously the, uh, the materials, but as anybody got like an overall picture in their mind about what, what might work.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, I'm thinking that what we need to do is have something that kind of unifies a lot of the different concepts.
Speaker B: And if we think that what we are, our number one marketing motive is, um, the look and feel.
Speaker B: So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sort of bits and bits and pieces of, of concept and technology or whatever, or fashion, then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sort of can visualize.
Speaker B: Um, maybe what we could do is think about a concept which touches back to the color, you said company color, yellow.
Speaker B: I mean, if we think of something like, I was saying also lime and lemon, you know, what can we come up with something where we, we try and associate it with, with like the series.
Speaker B: We just come up with something like that.
Speaker B: We kind of use it as a theme to inspire the shapes and things.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker C: Is there a particular shape that you're interested in like, this marketing, how many research on, does it need to be long, does it need to be a square thing?
Speaker C: And I think circular and shape or, yeah, because that will help narrow down the choice of,
Speaker F: choice of material. I was kind of thinking about as well, you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones and they're plastic but they also have like rubber around the outside that kind of feels, it feels kind of warmer to the touch, feels a bit more comfortable.
Speaker F: Maybe it could incorporate plastic on rubber and to it and then we could have carb shapes because we're titanium yet it's going to have to be boxy and rectangular and I think we might be moving away from that, you know.
Speaker F: So, do we want it in like the shape of a lemon or?
Speaker F: No, no.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker B: No, I don't think we do.
Speaker B: It's more, more just that we, we think about like, what it is we're trying to achieve and then we have one, one sort of theme that we stick with.
Speaker F: Right, well, so thoughts about the actual shape is a thing.
Speaker A: I'm quite like a sort of snowman type shape.
Speaker F: A snowman shape.
Speaker A: And so, sort of larger bits it's new hands.
Speaker A: And then you've got the yellow, the top, or just any other thing you need.
Speaker F: That's quite a distinctive shape that we go with.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So, yeah, should we go with that?
Speaker B: Can we, yeah, like, to any, like, do you have a...
Speaker B: Do you want to draw it on the board?
Speaker B: Yeah, just, we can visualize it.
Speaker A: Something like that.
Speaker A: You've got two groups there.
Speaker A: Maybe you could fold up and you got a third group inside.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: That'd be good.
Speaker A: You have one which was about there.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So, call that the snowman shape, trademark.
Speaker F: That's cool.
Speaker F: And, I mean, color wise, which is everything.
Speaker F: I think it is quite important to get yellow in there somewhere.
Speaker F: I mean, do you want the whole thing yellow?
Speaker F: Do you want something?
Speaker A: I think it's quite nice if you just add this around here.
Speaker A: They start background yellow and then have a nice bold color for the buttons.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Cool.
Speaker F: And also, I mean, how are we going to incorporate this lugan in?
Speaker F: The fact that it talks to you, I mean, it might be quite cool if when you first start using it, it says, what is it putting fashion into electronics or something?
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: Or when you, like, turn it off or something.
Speaker F: If it can speak, if you could actually say this lugan, it might be a bit more powerful than just having it written on it somewhere.
Speaker F: And any thoughts on that at all?
Speaker A: I think that probably scare me.
Speaker A: Turn on your...
Speaker F: I know.
Speaker F: Unless, I mean, if you, also, like, were, if we wanted to incorporate an LCD display, where would you put that?
Speaker F: Will you put that on the inside?
Speaker C: Do we need an LCD display?
Speaker C: What's the functionality of that?
Speaker F: It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot.
Speaker C: Yeah, but the question is, what are we using it? What would we achieve from it?
Speaker C: Putting in lights is cheap, but putting in LCD panels just to make it glow is a bit...
Speaker B: When you mentioned LCD, I think that would be about...
Speaker B: And the thing I could see it helping with the...
Speaker B: If it was somehow connected with listings.
Speaker B: So as you scroll through, because we said we might have a jog dial, as you scroll through your stations, you can...
Speaker B: It actually tells you what it is.
Speaker C: I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it.
Speaker C: So it's a bit nuts to get the user there.
Speaker C: One day, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Speaker C: So no need for an LCD display?
Speaker C: I'm not saying there's no need for an LCD display, but it's...
Speaker C: What would it tell the user because the LCD tends to be an output as opposed to an input?
Speaker C: So there's a remote control need to talk back to the user.
Speaker C: We have the option of the speaker as well.
Speaker C: The same thing goes for the speaker. Is there a need for a remote controller?
Speaker F: Why don't I... There is really...
Speaker F: Talk back.
Speaker F: I would say no need for a talk back. Does anybody disagree with that?
Speaker C: We could put a game on it.
Speaker C: Easy.
Speaker C: When the TV dies, you can play with the remote control.
Speaker F: Right, so you're going to have these three different sets of functionalities.
Speaker F: I mean, do you want to group them into head of the snowman, and the body of the snowman inside of the snowman? Is that what you're thinking?
Speaker A: Well, I think the advanced ones, the ones you don't usually use can be head inside.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I think they're the three groups we had, where we're pretty basic ones.
Speaker A: They'd have to go on there, they're fun somewhere.
Speaker F: Okay. Right.
Speaker F: What else do you need to talk about?
Speaker C: Well, where would you physically position the buttons?
Speaker C: I think that has some impact on many things.
Speaker C: Maybe you want to draw into that.
Speaker F: So I'm just going to pop this in here because I have a slide about decision making.
Speaker F: Yep.
Speaker F: I'll try to figure out the word.
Speaker F: Oh, go on, we've got five words.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Back again.
Speaker F: Energy.
Speaker F: Do you think that's suggesting we're hard-pouring the thing?
Speaker F: I really like the idea of this kinetic thing, where you'd have the backup of the battery, but have kinetic power.
Speaker B: I've had kinetic things before, and the one issue we need to keep in mind with them is that you're committing the user to moving it.
Speaker B: No, like I said, we have that.
Speaker C: Watch is hybrid kind of thing, so it's not going to charge the battery.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It's just...
Speaker B: It's just worth pointing out because I've known people to have kinetic watches that they wear all the time, and it's just like magic because it's always powered and there's no battery.
Speaker B: I've also known people to have things like a jewelry watch they wear from time to time, and they eventually just say it's just too much of a nuisance because I don't wear it all the time.
Speaker B: Remote control is similar.
Speaker B: Your way on vacation, I don't know.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: Something...
Speaker B: And it just starts to get worn down.
Speaker F: Let's face that, if you're away and you're not using it, then you're not using any power either.
Speaker F: So you'd have the battery as to kind of keep it ticking over idea.
Speaker F: I'm really sorry we're going to have to wrap up quite quickly.
Speaker F: I don't know as much time as I thought.
Speaker F: So I think that's what energy is referring to here.
Speaker F: Chip on print.
Speaker F: Is that an industrial design thing?
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: As for the case, kind of discuss that.
Speaker B: And this size here, I'd suggest this be small.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: And we're going to have rubber buttons that feel kind of...
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Just a lot of...
Speaker B: I mean, one of the things running through my mind right now, I realize we're being efficient to wrap up the meeting and have lots of decisions made.
Speaker B: But we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low tech rubber buttons, plastic frame.
Speaker B: It's almost like we're reproducing the same old remote control that's out there.
Speaker B: Should we think about how we are actually getting this high tech user-friendly theme?
Speaker B: Like what is it that we're using to achieve those goals?
Speaker F: I think that backlighting the buttons and stuff like that.
Speaker C: Or even a clear case.
Speaker C: A glowing yellow type case where the yellow showable, but in the dark, it's sort of...
Speaker C: It's a light.
Speaker C: It's slightly transparent.
Speaker F: So it's yellow, like tinted yellow, but you can maybe see threads out there.
Speaker C: Or there might be a light running through it like a mouse.
Speaker C: You know, you have colors nice and they don't need that much power.
Speaker C: So the battery in that sense, where you have one or two strategically placed lights.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker C: That sort of...
Speaker C: Yeah, they emanate a light through it.
Speaker C: Yeah, but because the case is transparent, so it gives it a little bit of a glow.
Speaker B: That's a make it freaky.
Speaker B: And then the other thing that we've committed ourselves achieving is simplicity.
Speaker B: And so I'm thinking maybe should we try and think about having something like some kind of an innovative concept about how the volume and the channels are controlled.
Speaker B: Because that's the main thing people just want to do.
Speaker B: Could we use like a jog dial, like a nice just sort of round somewhere on it where you just roll it?
Speaker C: When you're rolling it, how do you want to roll it? Do you want them to roll it like that? Do you want them to roll it like that?
Speaker C: Because in a mouse, your hands in a position to roll it.
Speaker C: Whereas the other thing about having a jog dial this way, it tends to get moved accidentally.
Speaker C: Why don't we do it like a mouse?
Speaker F: You could do that, couldn't you? If you're holding it in your hand.
Speaker C: That's a very unnatural motion to... Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot?
Speaker C: We might work for volume and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that.
Speaker C: But not for channels, right? If you have a tele-west box, you don't have to buy all the channels. You can go out to 50 channels.
Speaker C: You can imagine trying to... Okay.
Speaker C: And I don't think having that too quick, too slow, it's confusing to the...
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: For skipping watch, you have to skip the channel button.
Speaker C: And users tend to want to use that and once they lose out and then use the experience, it becomes the most accessible thing.
Speaker B: But that's not a bad thing, is it?
Speaker B: Because if you think about it, the alternative is to push the button.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Jog dials are much easier than that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: Well, we do need to make a decision on whether we want to incorporate a job dial in nice and quickly.
Speaker F: I'm all for them, actually. I think they're quite unique, very quick to use.
Speaker F: So, does anybody oppose the idea of incorporating one into the design at all? No.
Speaker F: And the other thing was, can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing?
Speaker B: Yeah. Like, I mean, if we keep coming back to this board here, I wouldn't be surprised if we could take this idea.
Speaker B: Imagine that, I don't know, that it's within the shape of the hand, it's quite small.
Speaker F: Ooh, okay. We really got to wrap up.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's small, and that we've got the slogan somewhere on the casing, the side.
Speaker B: Okay. What if we can do that, great?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I mean, isn't that what we just said we just have to decide now?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Let's try and get the slogan on there.
Speaker C: And then I can just spend the shape of the...
Speaker B: And then like a jog dial, somewhere that fits in with the shape of it.
Speaker B: Like, I don't know, like here.
Speaker C: That might have one problem in terms of...
Speaker B: You never get bumped.
Speaker C: In terms of whether you're left-handed or you're right-handed, you might be locking yourself in.
Speaker B: Or maybe just fitting in like down the middle here.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Can I just jump in and suggest something to the audience?
Speaker F: Yeah, I'm really going to have to hurry on here because we're actually over time.
Speaker F: It's kind of...
Speaker F: Is there anything anybody's unsure about?
Speaker F: Just for enclosing, just the next meeting is going to be in 30 minutes, and so you can see in the screen here what each of you are going to hopefully be doing.
Speaker F: And I know that the designers are going to be working and playing out on that.
Speaker F: So that'll be good.
Speaker F: And I'll get the minutes as soon as possible.
Speaker F: Anything at all you think we haven't discussed that we need to?
Speaker F: Everybody kind of happy about what they're going to be doing?
Speaker C: I think one thing would be the jog dial because that's going to have quite a big impact on the thing.
Speaker B: I think the jog does.
Speaker B: You know, just after you do that, what if it was flat and you just...
Speaker B: Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Speaker C: That would be great.
Speaker C: A slide.
Speaker C: Because then you don't have to put the hand.
Speaker C: I think incorporating the logo is quite straightforward.
Speaker C: There's lots of space for it.
Speaker C: That's kind of a design thing that you guys can discuss.
Speaker C: But it's also a marketing and a function.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And materials we sort of said we do plastic and rubber, didn't we?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons because that'll just be so standard.
Speaker F: Do we have something flush with the case?
Speaker F: Something a bit more flush.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe have rubber incorporated into the case as well.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And also plastic I've seen can get really textured.
Speaker B: You can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hands.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: It's kidding.
Speaker B: You can feel kind of like...
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: You get balloons now and then you'd think that they were rubber but they're not.
Speaker B: They're actually just plastic that's textured.
Speaker B: Kind of a little bit on that.
Speaker F: I'm going to have to call this to your clothes because we're away every time.
Speaker F: So that's really good.
Speaker F: Like we've had so much to talk about that pretty much run out of time to do so.
Speaker F: So what do you do?
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: I'm going to have to do some design stuff.
Speaker F: Play it all down.
Speaker F: Yeah.
None: Quite jealous actually.
Speaker C: You got to choose first.
Speaker C: No, we're kidding.
Speaker C: Can I just swipe your power cable?
Speaker C: I don't think it matters.
Speaker C: I'm going to pull everybody out first and then put in whoever needs to be left.
Speaker C: It's you.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: This is real.
Speaker C: It has all the...
Speaker C: Oops.
Speaker C: I'm going to take the microphones because it's too lazy to take them off again.
Speaker D: Cool.
