Speaker C: Play those edible. Did you know that?
Speaker C: It's definitely...
Speaker B: Because kids...
Speaker D: I used to.
Speaker D: I've definitely eaten it before. I didn't know it was edible.
Speaker D: But it's... it's shoe proof.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's my edible because kids eat it.
Speaker B: I don't know if it wasn't edible, but...
Speaker B: Well, no more babies.
Speaker D: Actually, that makes sense because I remember like...
Speaker D: I don't know if my mom ever did it.
Speaker D: I remember other people's moms making.
Speaker D: I played over. You just like make the...
Speaker D: You can use coloring and mix and stuff.
Speaker D: Oh yeah.
Speaker B: Oh yeah, it is. Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh yeah.
Speaker C: All right, everybody ready?
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: Okay, let's have your...
Speaker C: Let's get...
Speaker C: Let's have the presentation.
Speaker D: We've got a cool presentation.
Speaker D: It's pretty exciting.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Everything that we wanted, we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be...
Speaker D: Made out of rubber.
Speaker D: Very simple and easy to use.
Speaker A: Double curved.
Speaker D: Yeah, double curved.
Speaker D: But also something that was going to jump out at people, something that would be different.
Speaker D: Separate it from the other...
Speaker D: Remotes out on the market.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: I think if you put this in the palm of your hand...
Speaker D: You'll see what a nice thing we have going in.
Speaker D: That is cool.
Speaker D: So basically...
Speaker D: If you hold it like that, the one on your thumb...
Speaker D: The thumb button is the power button.
Speaker D: Index finger is channel up.
Speaker D: Middle finger is channel down.
Speaker D: Ring finger is volume up.
Speaker D: Pinky is volume down.
Speaker B: What's the big blue thing?
Speaker D: That's the lock button.
Speaker D: And then the M is a mute button.
Speaker D: And then it also has...
Speaker C: So what button?
Speaker D: M for muting the...
Speaker D: And also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the channel if you want.
Speaker D: So it's really basic functionality as far as what keys are available.
Speaker D: But I think it's really comfortable and innovative and it looks different.
Speaker C: That certainly does.
Speaker D: So all the important keys are right at your convenient place for you to access them.
Speaker A: And T-R-S-I-M.
Speaker D: It should be...
Speaker D: And it's also conformable to the size of your hand.
Speaker D: I mean if that's too big, it's a rubber remote.
Speaker D: It's so cute.
Speaker D: Is that...
Speaker D: What... I'm not sure what you guys were hoping for and expecting.
Speaker C: I have one thing about it.
Speaker C: But it's a small thing but it means we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one.
Speaker C: How about it?
Speaker D: That's good thinking.
Speaker C: But that's... I don't see why that's not possible.
Speaker D: If we build rocket ships, why can't we build rocket ships?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: It might left-handed scissors.
Speaker D: Yeah, but then...
Speaker D: I didn't think about that.
Speaker B: But then you can learn to use your right hand.
Speaker B: Like I was just thinking there's left-handed and right-handed in the family.
Speaker B: What do they have to do?
Speaker A: I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole...
Speaker A: The same computer for the first family and they have a mouse.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker B: Everybody using right-handed.
Speaker B: I know they'll be able to... I mean it's only pressing buttons.
Speaker B: You don't have to do anything, you know, extraordinary.
Speaker B: I think everybody can press a button within the left-handed and right-handed.
Speaker A: Imagine... are you right-handed?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Imagine doing it with your left hand.
Speaker A: I don't think it's too...
None: Yeah, it's not.
Speaker A: But we can have both...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Have them in stock.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: They can make them more appealing.
Speaker C: But other than that, I only know.
Speaker C: That's just something I think.
Speaker C: I think it's great. Yeah, great idea.
Speaker D: Do you think it says...
Speaker C: R-I?
Speaker C: R-I think it's a...
Speaker C: I think it's... well, if the R-I motto is, we bring fashion to the electronics.
Speaker C: We like to make sure that it could be quite fashionable.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And it's got the black and yellow and blue.
Speaker D: Plus red, which is sort of a fruit and vegetable.
Speaker D: That's how it is.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: So that's our inner things.
Speaker D: Yeah, very good.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's come up with the thing that's...
Speaker C: what we were looking at doing, wasn't it?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The little seems to be there.
Speaker C: Well done.
Speaker B: The little playing around is...
Speaker C: Before we move on...
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm just... do you want a bucket?
Speaker C: I need that. Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: One thing I do need to do, we need to look at is the costs.
Speaker D: The costs, is that what you said?
Speaker A: The product was very cheap.
Speaker C: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: I don't want to last very long.
Speaker B: Everybody will go like, oh, this is gone.
Speaker D: But it's edible.
Speaker A: Mm-hmm.
Speaker A: Cheap poop.
Speaker B: Well, buy more of the meat.
Speaker D: That was the main criteria from the last meeting.
Speaker D: It had to be cheap-proof.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Okay, now I think we'll do this.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I could do, you know, I can do this.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: Oh, my, I could do it with you.
Speaker C: But it's just easy enough to go through it with you.
Speaker C: So, we're going for the...
Speaker C: Kinetic power.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: And the electronics we decided on it.
Speaker C: Being just a simple, the easiest thing that's inside it.
Speaker C: Oop.
Speaker C: The case we've gone for the double-curved.
Speaker C: And it's made out of rubber.
Speaker C: The interface is push buttons.
Speaker C: And buttons supplements.
Speaker C: Well, they're different special colors, aren't they?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, very special colors.
Speaker B: Special form.
Speaker C: Special form.
Speaker C: Yeah, they're special form.
Speaker C: They're in shapes and stuff.
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean, these ones on the side are curved.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: They're made out of any special material.
Speaker C: No, they're not made out of wood or titanium or rubber.
Speaker C: They're just simple.
Speaker C: Well, they're rubber.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, let's see if that comes within budget.
Speaker C: And it does.
Speaker C: That is going to cost...
Speaker C: I don't know about it.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's going to cost 10, 10 euros, 70 cents a unit to make.
Speaker C: And our target was it had to come in at under 12.50.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker D: Actually, making a better profit than the expected.
Speaker C: This is all very, very good.
Speaker C: The bosses will be very pleased.
Speaker C: Okay, let's just say this.
Speaker C: So, I can email it to me.
Speaker C: So, it's very dynamic.
Speaker C: No, I want to...
Speaker C: It's so...
Speaker C: I'm not...
Speaker C: I'm not...
Speaker C: I'm not...
Speaker C: I'm not...
None: I'm not...
Speaker C: Spended.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, that's...
Speaker C: That's me done with this...
Speaker C: with this...
Speaker C: do-da.
Speaker C: I'm going to do what you were going to do.
None: No, evaluation.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: This is where we all get to.
Speaker B: I get to write on the board.
Speaker B: Oops, on the board.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: It's functioned.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Oh, I love this man.
None: I played on...
None: Oh, I'm not...
None: Oh, I'm not...
Speaker C: Oh, I'm not...
Speaker C: Oh, I love this man. I played on...
Speaker C: I can't...
Speaker C: I can spell it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, evaluation.
Speaker B: I'm going to do it all together.
Speaker B: So, we evaluate it.
Speaker B: Each criteria I've got the criteria is.
Speaker B: And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven.
Speaker B: One being true.
Speaker B: So, it's more like it fits the criteria.
Speaker B: And seven being as in it doesn't fit the criteria.
Speaker B: And the criteria is not...
Speaker B: And I'll draw this up on the board.
Speaker B: So, we have a box.
Speaker B: Just so we know true.
Speaker B: And this is false.
Speaker B: This is just like...
Speaker B: Keep you informed.
Speaker B: So, seven is here.
Speaker B: And one's here.
Speaker B: And then you've got in the middle.
Speaker B: So, the first criteria...
Speaker B: Do you all get what we're doing?
Speaker B: Okay, cool.
Speaker B: Okay, first criteria.
Speaker B: Look and feel.
Speaker B: So, it does look and feel fashionable to what we talked about.
Speaker B: Is it color-wise?
Speaker B: And is it spongy?
Speaker B: So, what mark should we give it for that?
Speaker D: I would give it a seven.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: As in, it's not.
Speaker D: Oh, sorry.
Speaker D: One.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, I'll just write criteria.
Speaker B: Criteria one.
Speaker B: Criteria one.
Speaker B: Second criteria.
Speaker B: New technology.
Speaker B: How we implemented new technology within the new high tech.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That was our main technological innovation.
Speaker D: Everything else is fairly simple, but the fact that we use the kinetic energy.
Speaker D: Also the...
Speaker D: It's ergonomic.
Speaker D: Yeah, but that's not a technological thing.
Speaker C: That's another thing.
Speaker C: That's another marketing thing.
Speaker C: So, on the technical side of it.
Speaker C: I'd say it's about a two-ish.
Speaker D: In the middle somewhere, maybe.
Speaker B: Three.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Three, yeah.
Speaker B: Got a three.
Speaker B: So, criteria three is...
Speaker B: It's easy to use.
Speaker B: I think it's a one.
Speaker C: I'd say it's...
Speaker C: I've not, if you're left-handed, it's not.
Speaker C: I would give it a two.
Speaker C: Two, so...
Speaker C: Because it is more geared for right-handed people than left-handed people.
Speaker B: But if we make a right-handed and left-handed then...
Speaker D: If we're going to have one left-handed and one right-handed, then I would give it a one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Give it a two.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker B: Okay, criteria four is...
Speaker B: Cost.
Speaker C: I mean, on the budget.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a definite one.
Speaker C: That was great.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: The amount of buttons...
Speaker B: Like the amount of buttons, because people like a lot of letters.
Speaker B: Only the necessary buttons.
Speaker B: So it's a one?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Um...
Speaker B: Criteria six.
Speaker B: RSI is a good against.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker B: It's an NC RSI.
Speaker B: It's one.
Speaker B: And criteria seven, which is the last one.
Speaker B: Does it get lost?
Speaker B: It's easy to get lost.
Speaker C: I don't think it's going to get lost very freely.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: But it is flawless.
Speaker D: It's not the kind of thing that's going to slip like between a couch cushion or something.
Speaker D: Maybe it was.
Speaker D: I think it would be good.
Speaker D: It was a two.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, it's not fully, it's not fully like, can't say.
Speaker B: I mean, it's not a one.
Speaker C: I mean, you can still flush it down a toilet theoretically.
Speaker D: Yeah, anything.
Speaker D: I mean, it's bigger than the average mobile, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: But yeah, it can get lost.
Speaker B: The mobile's getting lost all the time.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But then you ring them.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So that's that.
Speaker B: That's the evaluation.
Speaker B: So I'd say.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, it's like, oh, system goes.
Speaker B: Like a number one.
Speaker B: Number one product.
Speaker C: We can't fail.
Speaker B: Fitted all the criteria.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well done, Lisa.
Speaker B: That's that one.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I think I just want to put in as projects manager.
Speaker C: You know, a little bit of praise for everybody here.
Speaker C: But how they've worked on it.
Speaker C: You know, both individually and as a team.
Speaker C: You've everyone's come up with their own individual ideas and their own different departments.
Speaker C: And then come together and work in, you know, integrally, you know, at the right times, you know, especially you too.
Speaker C: That's all, you know, gone very, very well and and.
Speaker C: You know, it's been good communication going on.
Speaker D: And during our design, and there was some some heated, heated discussion, but we kept trying to keep it cool and.
Speaker C: Did you have to go down to the corporate squash court and bash a few bills about.
Speaker D: We just had to squeeze our product a little bit.
Speaker D: Fantastic.
Speaker D: Now you guys have been a great team.
Speaker D: I think we're the envy of all the, of all the other teams.
Speaker C: I think so, I think we've come up with something new, something that hasn't been done before.
Speaker C: We're not just rehashing an old design.
Speaker B: And for meetings, for the old design, the meetings could be this quick.
Speaker C: You know, maybe this isn't a simulation.
Speaker C: Maybe this is actually, it's like, I think they're so mean or someone like that.
Speaker C: They're just, yeah.
Speaker C: They get the.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, two years time, this will be on the market.
Speaker C: Exactly that product.
Speaker C: And we'll go, yeah, we design that and no one will believe us.
Speaker D: So at this stage, I mean, is this the last meeting of the project?
Speaker D: We don't have another one after it's gone.
Speaker C: No, I think when this meeting's finished, like officially, they'll, we'll get a questionnaire.
Speaker C: Oh, really?
Speaker B: Just start summarizing now.
Speaker B: I can reply to the same list.
Speaker C: I'm got the message.
Speaker B: See some way.
Speaker B: Just reply to that one.
Speaker D: So there's no way to like predict what our, because we had it, we originally had it.
Speaker D: As far as our financial goals, we had a specific number for profits that we wanted.
Speaker D: It was 50.
Speaker B: Was it, was it still your five?
Speaker D: I don't remember, but there's not a way to compete that.
Speaker D: I mean, since we saved on the, on that production cost, do we know how much we're making on profit?
Speaker C: It gets handed over to another department.
Speaker C: Well, what our project was was to come up with the product.
Speaker C: Basically, like the, and just basically is it, can, can, is it within budget?
Speaker C: When it, when it comes to all the other things of how to sell it and, you know, the, the profits and all that, that's other departments.
Speaker C: It's another team that actually work out the, the, we have a vested interest in that.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: The all that goes in the profit sharing.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's it.
Speaker C: You know, we've, we've, we've made, we've designed the product.
Speaker C: We've made, we've got the prototype.
Speaker C: It's within budget.
Speaker C: It's, does everything that we wanted it to do.
Speaker C: It's new.
Speaker C: It's, it's something that, that is now there already.
Speaker D: I think actually in one advantage of this is that after the, you know, after this bad of fruit and vegetables passes, this will still be a cool remote, you know, we're not, we're not, you know, tying our cart to that one horse.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But this is very remarkable.
Speaker C: And that it is, it's, it's something that's kind of new and looks a bit quirky for people to want that.
Speaker C: It's, that it's, I'm bringing it all right down here somewhere.
Speaker C: Oh, I put it in one of my emails that I sent off.
Speaker C: That, you know, it's marksable in the sense that it's whilst all these other remotes are actually do give you a pest is strain injury.
Speaker C: Our one does the complete opposite.
Speaker C: You know, so that's something that's new, which is one of the criteria they asked us to come up with something new and makes watching TV healthy.
Speaker C: Yeah, and if you're not having a good time with the TV, you can throw it about, you know, it's fine.
Speaker C: It's kid proof.
Speaker B: Don't throw it at any of the ornaments and break them.
Speaker C: Well, you can break the ornaments, but you won't break that.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So all in all, I think we've done very well.
Speaker C: Well done everybody.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You too.
Speaker C: In the corporate bar that's next to the corporate swimming pool on the top floor that we're, that we've all just gained access to.
Speaker C: That's it.
Speaker C: That's it.
Speaker C: Well, as far as I know, that's it.
Speaker B: I've got five minutes left.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Everyone want to play us by?
Speaker D: I guess it's probably better than we wrap it up and have five minutes of silence.
Speaker D: Should we call it a day then?
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess.
Speaker C: I mean, we're going to get asked to fill out another questionnaire.
Speaker C: It's probably going to be the same as one we've done before.
Speaker C: Well, I'm not the authority to say that it is.
Speaker C: How does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this?
Speaker C: Sort of using the pens and writing on these special pads and all that?
Speaker C: I love it.
Speaker B: I love it.
Speaker B: I think it's cool.
Speaker B: You know, wide up vibrating pen and cool.
Speaker B: Being watched.
Speaker B: Your moment to shame.
Speaker A: Well.
Speaker C: You know, I didn't, yeah, as we said earlier, I've not never seen that before.
Speaker C: Something that the whiteboard thingy.
Speaker C: That's great.
Speaker C: But a pen with a camera on it, I don't think it's such a new thing.
Speaker C: I mean, it's all in such a new idea.
Speaker C: It would be different if it was sort of handwriting, recognizing stuff.
Speaker C: But as it's not, it's literally that will come up on the computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I think they do want to give me an writing mechanism.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's just that we're stuck.
Speaker B: Logitech.
Speaker D: I guess we should end this as well.
Speaker D: Off topic.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Meeting the joint.
Speaker D: Right.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
