Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Thanks for coming to this meeting.
Speaker E: How are we doing on our remote?
Speaker E: We have some ideas and some ideas for what people want.
Speaker E: Well, yeah.
Speaker A: I was asked to do it anyway.
Speaker A: I think.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: Let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting.
Speaker E: See if I can't get things moving along here a little bit better.
Speaker E: I'll go over what we went over last time, which shouldn't take long.
Speaker E: And I believe each of you have a presentation.
Speaker E: I've sent a couple more requirements for our remote, but what they want.
Speaker E: Then we can come to a conclusion on what we want the remote to do and how it's going to do it, hopefully.
Speaker E: And then we'll have the closing, which we'll have 40 minutes for.
Speaker E: Let's see.
Speaker E: The last meeting, we went over who was responsible for what?
Speaker E: I'm responsible for leading the meetings, keeping the notes and coming up with the final presentation.
Speaker E: Corinne is our marketing expert.
Speaker E: She's going to figure out what the consumer wants.
Speaker E: Ryan is our user interface designer.
Speaker E: And Manuel is the industrial designer.
Speaker E: So you're going to come up with the ideas, Ryan, and you're going to pick them apart.
Speaker E: We decided our remote.
Speaker E: We wanted to be a universal remote that everyone would want.
Speaker E: We want to be modern.
Speaker E: It's fun, different.
Speaker E: It needs to be sturdy, easy to find.
Speaker E: So we're going to have that locator function.
Speaker E: And we want to be different.
Speaker E: And then we went over a couple of different ideas, ball-shaped phone, the keyboard shape.
Speaker E: We decided that it should probably be one-handed, something we can use with one-hand.
Speaker E: And that was our last meeting.
Speaker E: So why don't each of you have a presentation?
Speaker E: I'll hand it off to you.
Speaker E: Does anyone want to go first so we can maybe see what the people want?
Speaker B: What was it?
Speaker D: What was it?
Speaker B: How do I get it?
Speaker E: Slice to go to the next one.
Speaker B: This is my report, which is going to be based pretty much on a survey that I've sent.
Speaker B: Sorry, I actually need to see something else on my screen.
Speaker B: Hit F8 again.
Speaker E: Do you want to be on both screens?
Speaker B: No, I want something else.
Speaker E: Is that possible?
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker E: I'm not sure you can maybe minimize that screen and then have it in both up at the same time.
Speaker B: First of all, the method that I used was by doing some marketing research on some interviews that were conducted and then some internet research.
Speaker B: I was sent a report that was, I think, there were 100 remote users that they interviewed.
Speaker B: I will show you some of the results from that, which I think will be helpful.
Speaker B: Here are some of the findings.
Speaker B: They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls.
Speaker B: 75% of the users find their remote controls to be ugly, which is a fairly significant number, I would say.
Speaker B: 80% of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy.
Speaker B: I think that earlier we were on to something when we were talking about having a modern, cool look.
Speaker B: They say the current remote controls do not match well the operating behavior of the user.
Speaker B: 75% of the users said they zap a lot.
Speaker B: If anyone could clarify what that means.
Speaker B: Does that just mean like changing the channel?
Speaker B: 50% of the users say that they're only using 10% of the buttons on the remote control.
Speaker B: There was something else.
Speaker B: They kept track of the frequency per hour and using certain buttons.
Speaker B: Some of them, it looks like, barely needs to be included at all.
Speaker B: Of course, channel selection is used the most frequently.
Speaker B: Then teletext was the next volume and then power.
Speaker B: Then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used.
Speaker B: I think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button.
Speaker B: The biggest user frustrations, as we said 50% of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere.
Speaker B: I think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea.
Speaker B: They said 34% said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote.
Speaker B: 26% said that the controls are bad for RSI.
Speaker A: What is it?
Speaker B: Just a capacitive strain injury.
Speaker B: So base, as far as speech recognition goes, the younger group looks like they're all for it from the 15-25 age group.
Speaker B: Over 90% said they would pay more.
Speaker B: It went down incrementally.
Speaker B: The older they get, it looks like the less willing they are to pay.
Speaker B: Maybe we could discuss this and think, decide if we think it's worth investing in this, at least if we're targeting the younger groups.
Speaker B: In conclusion, some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct.
Speaker B: We definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance, since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of the remote control.
Speaker B: A multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore, so you only have one rather than five different remotes sitting all over your room.
Speaker B: We need to simplify the remote and reduce the number of buttons, get rid of the ones that don't seem to be serving much purpose.
Speaker B: And then lastly, I thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition.
Speaker B: And that's it.
Speaker E: Okay, very nice. Now we actually have some ideas of what people want, what we should focus on.
Speaker B: Let's make a look at that real quick.
Speaker A: Having just listened, I'll draw on some of the things as well.
Speaker A: I'm just going to approach the technical functions design.
Speaker A: The method I used was to explore the technical functions of remote control.
Speaker A: I had some things sent to me not very much to look at similar devices, defined things from them, and then personal preferences that I would suggest.
Speaker A: We discussed the universal one.
Speaker A: It's just been brought up again then, but I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design and possibly within maybe the budget that we do it because you need to know all the specifications of all the electronic companies.
Speaker A: I'm not sure if you ever come across a universal remote control yourself, but you have to do a nightmare to use, you have to set them, reset them to everything, and that would only add buttons, whereas I think there is to take away buttons.
Speaker A: I think it better maybe to concentrate on maybe it's a universal one for TVs, or maybe just one that you could design and then different people manufacturers could use it to set their specifications.
Speaker A: If the aim is to get something that's unique in design.
Speaker A: Okay, here's just two pictures of remote controls.
Speaker A: There's just simple TV remote controls, but one is user-centered, that is the one on the left.
Speaker A: You need to straight away see there's less buttons, and the other one is some engineered centered where that's more specified for the sort of elaborate piece of equipment that's trying to control.
Speaker A: I'd ask which appeals more to the product that we want, and on what defines the standard market research and stuff, we're probably looking at something that should be user-centered, fewer buttons, simpler to use, and if 10% is hidden away, if 10% is what's used, maybe the other 50%, the buttons that I use very rarely, like programming, they could be hidden, maybe some remote controls that you might have come across, and maybe a little flip thing where they're hidden away, and the main buttons, the ones you come across.
Speaker A: And finally, I'm sorry, covered that, our product I think should be user interface orientated.
Speaker A: Like I said, a concentrate on TV control, universal mode, might be too complex.
Speaker A: And as what the major finders and market research has said, it's the image and the appearance that people dislike, so that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend, and then change the fashion of a remote controls.
Speaker D: And that's it.
Speaker E: What was your last conclusion on that one? Focus on the image of it.
Speaker A: Good, good.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: I'll talk to you about the working design.
Speaker D: The interior is basically what dictates the design, both the interface and the outer appearance, because this is all the stuff that needs to go in there.
Speaker D: Unfortunately, the people who are supposed to do this little presentation for me, obviously, were too drunk to actually accomplish it.
Speaker D: I'm going to do lots of the stuff on the board.
Speaker D: This is the basic premise of a remote control. The basic function is to send messages to another system. Okay, so much is clear.
Speaker D: And energy source feeds an integrated circuit chip that can compose messages.
Speaker D: Often in the form of infrared bits, this is the most mostly used. There's also some sound systems, but infrared is the better, the more used system parts are cheaper as well.
Speaker D: A user interface controls the chip, and accordingly, the messages. This is where my people screwed up, basically. So I'm going to explain that on the board, other.
Speaker D: What we have is different components that obviously need to go in there, we'll start with an energy source.
Speaker D: It's usually a battery, right, since it's not feasible to add a cable to that.
Speaker D: This energy source, of course, is connected to the user interface itself, which can be buttons, whatever, which in fact controls.
Speaker D: Controls a chip.
Speaker D: This is the user interface, where we have the chip.
Speaker D: The way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp that sends out the signal.
Speaker D: Of course, the signal differs accordingly, depending on what the chip tells the infrared lamp, and of course that's controlled.
Speaker D: The chip itself is controlled by the user interface.
Speaker D: The way you normally do it is that you add a little device such as a lamp to the whole thing as well, so that you know that it's working.
Speaker D: Basically, you press something, you get a response, which is also comparatively important on one of those devices.
Speaker D: Now, what we're talking about here are what I think should be discussed are these two components, mostly the energy source for one thing can be altered.
Speaker D: What we probably cannot alter is, of course, the infrared, the sending device, basically the infrared lamp.
Speaker D: We cannot change the chip, which controls the infrared lamp, right, these two are components that we have to use, and these are dictated by the whole function of the whole thing.
Speaker D: The lamp can be put on to the device.
Speaker D: It doesn't have to be there.
Speaker D: This can be discussed as well.
Speaker D: The user interface, that's something we can also discuss.
Speaker D: As we've heard, speech recognition is the hype, obviously, in the moment.
Speaker D: Speech recognition interface, we don't know that, or if we just do the usual button thing, or we have a touchpad or something like that, that's something we can discuss.
Speaker D: Of course, the energy source, batteries, solar cells, who knows.
Speaker D: Of course, it's always a question whether these components are, in fact, available cheap enough, developed enough, but that's, I suppose, rather up to marketing, not to you.
Speaker E: To the industry of design.
Speaker E: The more complex we make it, of course, the more expensive it's going to be.
Speaker E: People have said that they would, well, younger generations of people said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote.
Speaker E: So, possibly, it might be worth the investment.
Speaker A: I think speech recognition was one of those things where it has to be really good for them to work.
Speaker A: Sometimes you find yourself saying things over and over and over and do something you phone.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker A: Different dialects, I suppose.
Speaker E: Myself, I find when you, when there's something that's speech recognition, like you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something, sometimes they have a speech recognition on the other hand and you say one for this and you find your, like you said, saying the same thing over and over and over.
Speaker E: I find myself, especially if I'm in a crowd of people, looking really silly.
Speaker A: I don't know if, what do you want to keep saying stuff?
Speaker A: If you're watching stuff, if you're watching something, what do you want to do?
Speaker E: Volume up, volume down, change the channel, you know, channel up, channel down.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker B: Another thing about these figures is 91% of the youngest age group said they'd do it, but probably a lot of them, that's actually their parents money.
Speaker B: Like, I don't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves, a 15 year old, you know.
Speaker A: As well, it'd be the gimmick factor for the younger people.
Speaker E: It's a gimmick factor that they like at first.
Speaker A: Gets old here.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Let's see here.
Speaker E: Yeah, I guess so.
Speaker E: Now, I was sent a couple of things to modify our new requirements.
Speaker E: The remote's only going to be for the television, which is good because we already decided your research showed that not only is the universal remote more complicated, it's more costly, and your research showed that, you know, most of the people don't even use it.
Speaker E: You said 50% of the people only use 10% of the buttons, so if we remove the universal remote, then that solves that problem.
Speaker E: No teletext.
Speaker E: So we don't have to worry about that.
Speaker E: But we do have to use the company wants us to incorporate the corporate color and our slogan, which is we put the fashion in electronics.
Speaker E: And our corporate colors are gray and yellow.
Speaker E: We could probably get away with black too.
Speaker E: Those are the three new requirements that I was told we need to use.
Speaker E: From all three of your presentations, I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting.
Speaker E: We want something that looks good. We want something that's simple. We want something that you can find easily.
Speaker E: And the speech recognition, I guess, is kind of give or take. It's going to cost more.
Speaker E: The younger people say that they like it, but it's probably, I would say, probably not worth the investment at this point in time.
Speaker E: So maybe we should just do away with speech recognition.
Speaker E: And that way we can focus on our form.
Speaker A: I did have a thought about the tracking thing is that it came with maybe a holder.
Speaker A: A whole store, if you want to call it, you should put it back in your mode.
Speaker A: If you don't put it back in, you press something like that.
Speaker A: It just sends out a bit to find where it is.
Speaker E: That would be good if we were going with our ball.
Speaker E: Or with any form that would be good. That could be the charger for, you know, we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote.
Speaker E: And that would be a solar or, you know, however you want to go about it, the holder could also be the charging unit with the locator button.
Speaker E: And if it were the ball, you'd no longer have to have a flat space on it.
Speaker E: We still have the how to hold on to it.
Speaker D: Yeah, you put it on the couch table while you're watching.
None: It's going to roll away.
Speaker E: So I guess after the meeting, we'll have some questionnaires and some summaries for what's going on.
Speaker E: Then we'll take lunch.
Speaker E: We can come back and work on our individual work.
Speaker E: I'll do the minutes.
Speaker E: Let's see.
Speaker E: It looks like you're already on your way for working with the components.
Speaker E: What chips we need and what, you know, how to power it and whatnot.
Speaker E: User interface concept. We want it to be something simple.
Speaker E: Minimal number of buttons.
Speaker E: I guess our main thing that we should focus on until then is probably deciding on a certain look.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think we should be able to work on that.
Speaker A: I think we should be able to work on that.
Speaker A: You have time to work on that.
Speaker A: You have enough time between our meetings to get everything done that you need to get done.
Speaker A: I think it still has a bit of variation.
Speaker A: On a grad time group, but maybe not as silly as a boy.
Speaker E: Should we maybe shoot for a specific target group?
Speaker E: That way, if we were shooting for young guys, then it's a certain look to the remote or girls or older people.
Speaker E: You think that would help us find a specific form that we would want to pick out?
Speaker A: I don't know if that might come up from the train watching.
Speaker A: Do you find anything for now?
Speaker B: Yeah, not yet, but maybe by the next meeting we'll have something to do on that.
Speaker E: We know that the remote is going to have to be, we'll just say we've got a color scheme for it.
Speaker E: Yellow, it's nice and bright with the buttons being gray or black and are slogan pasted somewhere on it.
Speaker E: The bottom.
Speaker E: Maybe we could sketch.
Speaker E: Basically, all of our typical remote are just a rectangular sort.
Speaker E: It's more, of course, this will look like a bone.
Speaker E: Go ahead and erase this.
Speaker E: I hope everyone memorized that.
Speaker A: I mean, Matt, to look at the shape and trend of things like mobile phones and shapes that they've been going on.
Speaker A: They've gone from big, big block things, which is what the remote control is.
Speaker E: Everybody's got a mobile phone, except for me now.
Speaker E: But they are all mobile phones.
Speaker E: They've taken a turn to where they're really small, which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time.
Speaker E: But then again, you don't want the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag to carry it around in.
Speaker E: So we've got basically what the remote looks like now is what we're stuck with.
Speaker E: Maybe we could go with a square or something.
Speaker E: You know, with minimal number of buttons.
Speaker E: I guess you've got one through nine typing in your channels.
Speaker E: We've got volume up and down, channel up and down.
Speaker E: Power.
Speaker E: Power.
Speaker E: Usually at the top.
Speaker E: A mute.
Speaker E: That's pretty much all you need, I think.
Speaker E: A menu button, maybe.
Speaker E: So, you know, if we want the remote to do other things like, I guess, the TV to be able to change the tint and the color and all those kinds of things that are built into TVs, we just have that under one standard menu button where you go and press the menu button, scroll up and down to select it.
Speaker D: Talking of which, maybe a scrolling function is not too bad.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, talk about maybe look at that from the side there, maybe, which is technically the easiest option would probably be like a scrolling wheel like this.
Speaker E: Like a wheel on your mouse.
Speaker D: Yeah, sort of like that.
Speaker D: You can even, if we're coming from mice, we can add a click function where you, in order to verify the information, you just press it down.
Speaker D: It's a good idea.
Speaker D: Also, when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing, if you want to make it square for the looks of it, then maybe make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing.
Speaker D: So, I'm going to go bulge down here, which maybe from an engineering point, this could be holding the batteries and so on.
Speaker D: I know you know what I'm getting at here.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's good.
Speaker D: Look at it from the side.
Speaker D: You like that.
Speaker D: Then you hold it in your hand like this and maybe you bring the buttons nearer to the, or the more important buttons nearer to the thumb side.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Maybe the buttons could like decrease the bigger ones.
Speaker A: You know, that is actually bigger in size than the ones that are less important, smaller here.
Speaker D: You can also have it maybe talking about mobile phones again, writing open.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: With the lesser used functions, this part slides into that part.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker A: Just been sketching something, just like on a sort of side view.
Speaker A: Something that, you know, sort of fit in the hand better.
Speaker A: So you know, you just sort of have your hand.
Speaker D: Oh, it's just thinking this, this of course causes a problem for left or right handed people actually.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's also true.
Speaker A: That, yeah, instantly, so it's always going through the right hand first.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: I mean, it's the older.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Is everyone who in here is right handed, left handed?
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker E: You guys all right handed?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So I'm left handed, but I, so I can say that most things are designed for right handed people.
Speaker D: That's right.
Speaker E: Like the written language.
Speaker E: Or English.
Speaker B: Maybe you could buy like a special left handed version of the remote.
Speaker E: Maybe.
Speaker E: Oh, special order.
Speaker E: I would say, I mean, it should be probably designed for a right handed person.
Speaker E: But that's good.
Speaker E: That's, I think we've got kind of a good plan there.
Speaker E: At least for what buttons we're going to use.
Speaker E: So we've got, I like to scroll, scroll action and the.
Speaker A: I mean, I just, just thinking maybe.
Speaker A: If it was a.
Speaker A: Circular.
Speaker A: Um.
Speaker A: This sort of, that sort of, it's sort of an early idea we had, but the way that was more like that.
Speaker A: Whereas this is just a one handed thing that you sort of almost wrapped around the thumb.
Speaker A: So you'd have your hand into the thumb there.
Speaker A: You'd have all the buttons sort of around here.
Speaker A: And that I think could work.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: On any hand.
Speaker A: Kind of like holding a, if you just had it like right around there, left, all right.
Speaker D: Minimizes its size wise.
Speaker A: Minimizes its size.
Speaker A: You know, really quite small.
Speaker D: And then there's maybe.
Speaker D: Another point of making it a two and one kind of thing.
Speaker D: If we have a smaller, a smaller device that actually fits into the big one.
Speaker D: You have full functions in here and just a couple of functions in there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like your zap, zapping device.
Speaker D: It's just channels up down volume.
Speaker D: And on off.
Speaker D: That's it.
Speaker D: Yeah, maybe.
Speaker E: So two remotes and one.
Speaker E: But then would be easier to lose one for the other.
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker D: The big one has to be sufficiently big and perhaps heavy so you can't move it around.
Speaker D: Make it a piece of furniture.
Speaker D: It actually is your coffee table.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Yes, there you go.
Speaker D: State you.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, we need to finish up here.
Speaker E: So for the next.
Speaker E: So for the next before the next meeting.
Speaker E: Shall we work on your watching trends to see what kind of new information we've got going on.
Speaker E: Manual, you're going to work on the components for what we're going to use.
Speaker E: Let's go with our rounded.
Speaker E: Kind of fit in your hand.
Speaker E: Let's explore the possibility of having the two piece.
Speaker E: So one for the quick zapping and possibly one with just that rounded part that fits into your hand.
Speaker E: And Ryan, you work on how well they'll work with the user.
Speaker E: So both of those concepts.
Speaker E: Okay, I think we made some good progress here.
Speaker E: We'll see you in, I don't know, I guess we'll take lunch in about half an hour.
Speaker E: Or I guess we'll be taking lunch shortly and then about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting.
Speaker C: All right.
None: Okay.
