None: o This is our last meeting.
Speaker C: I'll go ahead and go through the minutes from the previous meeting.
Speaker C: And then we'll have the prototype presentation.
Speaker C: Then we will do an evaluation.
Speaker C: We'll see what we need to have under the criteria for the evaluation.
Speaker C: Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget.
Speaker C: Then we'll do the evaluation and then we can finish up after that with changes that we'll need to make.
Speaker C: Or hopefully everything will fall right in line.
Speaker C: See minutes from the last meeting.
Speaker C: We looked at the trends.
Speaker C: We had the fashion trends that people want to fancy look and feel.
Speaker C: It was twice as important as anything else.
Speaker C: They liked fruit and vegetables and the new styles.
Speaker C: And a spongy feel.
Speaker C: So we were talking about trying to incorporate those into our prototype.
Speaker C: They wanted limited buttons and simplicity.
Speaker C: Then we looked at the method for coming up with our own remote.
Speaker C: Looking at other devices.
Speaker C: The iPod.
Speaker C: We really like to look at that.
Speaker C: We also had the kids remote for a simple idea.
Speaker C: A two part remote, which was what we were originally looking at.
Speaker C: And then there was talk of speech recognition becoming more predominant and easier to use.
Speaker C: But I think we still decided not to go with that.
Speaker C: Then we looked at the components.
Speaker C: The materials for the case, the different energy sources, the different types of chips.
Speaker C: And made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote.
Speaker C: And basically.
Speaker C: How what we were making for the prototype.
Speaker C: So I'm going to leave it at that and let you guys.
Speaker C: Take over.
Speaker C: The prototype.
Speaker C: Yeah, do you need this?
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: There he is.
Speaker E: I'll have a blog about it.
Speaker E: Yeah, basically we went with the color yellow.
Speaker E: Working on the principle of a fruit, which was mentioned, basically designed around a banana.
Speaker E: But it would be held in such a fashion.
Speaker E: Whereas obviously it wouldn't be that floppy because this would be hard plastic.
Speaker E: These would be like the rubber, the rubber grips.
Speaker E: So that's how helpful the hell we grip.
Speaker E: The ergonomics would be done with this scroll wheel.
Speaker E: And this here represents the screen where you'd go through.
Speaker E: And the simplest function would be almost identical to an iPod.
Speaker E: And that one way through channels, that way with other way through channels.
Speaker E: Volume up and down.
Speaker E: And then to access the more complicated functions.
Speaker E: So you press that and go through the menus.
Speaker E: It's that simple.
Speaker E: That's just represents the infrared beam.
Speaker E: That's a simple or an off switch.
Speaker E: I don't know we could use the voice.
Speaker E: That blue bit should be yellow.
Speaker E: That would be where the batteries would be.
Speaker E: And that's about it.
Speaker E: It's a simple.
Speaker E: We can make it.
Speaker E: Is anything else?
Speaker D: That's what we have.
Speaker D: That's plastic.
Speaker D: Plastic covered with rubber.
Speaker D: We might add some more underneath here.
Speaker D: Maybe give it a form.
Speaker D: I mean we're supposed to hold it like that.
Speaker D: But she grabbed it.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's just made.
Speaker D: It's definitely just rough.
Speaker D: Left hand in order.
Speaker D: And they just both.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker D: These both might as well.
Speaker D: The actual thing might be smaller.
Speaker D: Think about the bottom.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Either put either one on either side.
Speaker D: Not too at all.
Speaker D: Just a quick on-off button.
Speaker D: That's pretty important.
Speaker D: So you don't have to fit over that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: That's not.
Speaker D: I'd say a bit smaller would probably be nice.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Play with that over there.
Speaker E: Nice flimsy because it's made out of heavy.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: Do you like to?
Speaker B: Well done.
Speaker C: Kind of a banana.
Speaker E: No, whether or not it would fall into the costume and everything I suppose.
Speaker E: Would they scroll and they all see the.
Speaker C: Well, luckily we are going to find out.
Speaker C: Or not luckily.
Speaker C: Do you have a marketing.
Speaker B: I do presentation for us.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So first I'll just discuss some of the criteria.
Speaker B: That I found just based on the past.
Speaker B: Turn the reports that I was looking at earlier.
Speaker B: And then we'll do a group evaluation of the prototype.
Speaker B: And then we will calculate the average score to see how we did.
Speaker B: So the criteria we're going to be looking at.
Speaker B: Are the complaints.
Speaker B: That we heard from the users who were interviewed earlier.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: We're going to be doing it based on a seven point scale.
Speaker B: And one is going to mean true that we did actually achieve that.
Speaker B: With seven being false we did not achieve that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So for the first one we need to decide did we solve the problem of the users who complained about an ugly remote.
Speaker C: I think it's definitely different than anything else out there.
Speaker C: So if they think that what is out there is ugly then yes.
Speaker C: I would say most definitely it's bright.
Speaker C: But still has your traditional black.
None: It's curved.
Speaker C: There's no sharp angles to it.
Speaker D: Not angular.
Speaker D: It comes to the ergonomics, the form and stuff.
Speaker D: Yes, that's definitely more beautiful than your average.
Speaker D: However the color.
Speaker D: We don't have to say in that.
Speaker D: We have to say that we have to say that we have to solve the problem completely.
Speaker D: Because the color is ugly.
Speaker D: There's nothing you can say about that.
Speaker D: I much prefer something like brushed chrome.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That form.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Something more modern to go.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: A modern color to go with the modern form.
Speaker C: But it's different.
Speaker D: You don't want your three feet huge LCD display in your living room that's hanging from the wall to be controlled with something like that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So do you think since we this wasn't assigned criteria?
Speaker B: Do you think maybe we should put it somewhere in the middle of them?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker C: Three, four.
Speaker C: Four.
Speaker C: Four.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Very non-committal four.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: The second one.
Speaker B: Did we make it simple for new users?
Speaker D: It's very intuitive.
Speaker D: I think.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That was the main name.
Speaker E: The main names that we had.
Speaker D: One.
Speaker D: One?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Do the controls now match the operating behavior of the users?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We brought it down to basically four controls where they did the most common channel and volume.
Speaker E: And then the other one was just a matter of just going further.
Speaker C: Just scrolling through and selecting.
Speaker A: So one?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think that's a one.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The fourth one.
Speaker B: How about the problem of a remote being easily lost?
Speaker B: One of the number one.
Speaker D: Something that big and that yellow you just don't know.
Speaker D: What do you want to know?
Speaker E: I'm going to lose.
Speaker E: But if we were to, if we were that speech recognition that we could maybe just use that solely for the finding thing.
Speaker E: That was what we mentioned.
Speaker C: So if we incorporate speech recognition into it, then just to use to find it.
Speaker E: If it was lost, but like I said, you lose something so yellow so easily.
Speaker E: And it's not going to fall like a rectangle.
Speaker E: Slick down behind things.
Speaker E: That's going to be a difficult shape.
Speaker C: Well, it is quite bright.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Maybe in the middle again, three or four or something.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I mean, you know, losing things is one of those things that people can lose.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I mean, a million ways you can pick it up and walk away with it and then you lost it.
Speaker C: But if we do go with the with the speech recognition, then it, then our scale goes up quite a bit.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Probably probably two.
Speaker C: You know, if we eliminate the fact that, you know, it's impossible to guarantee that it's not going to be lost.
Speaker C: Let's say two.
Speaker C: With speech recognition, which of course may be changed depending on budget.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So we could add an extra feature actually, which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from television.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We could add that, but that's nothing we have thought of.
Speaker C: Which, which may be cheaper than speech recognition.
Speaker C: It would just stay.
Speaker C: Yeah, true.
Speaker E: But I mean, just those whistling clappens, cravings, you have that shape.
Speaker E: So I can't be that.
Speaker E: And the space on this anti anti-thas Sort of proximity.
Speaker D: Or suitcases and stuff where you have one piece that's attached to your luggage, another piece that starts beeping that can't cost much.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So that can also easily be integrated because these things are small enough to hide.
Speaker D: So you have one piece, you have to glue somewhere behind your TV.
Speaker C: Stick it behind your TV and the other.
Speaker C: I'm afraid that you don't accidentally lose that piece.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: That'd be tough.
Speaker D: Well, also your remote would alarm you if somebody stole your TV to your television.
Speaker D: Ran off of that without taking the beautiful remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, are we adding one of these two features?
Speaker B: Let's add one of those features and say yes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we're back to a one.
Speaker B: Or two.
Speaker B: Two.
None: Two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Are we technologically innovative?
Speaker E: I'd say so.
Speaker E: I don't get my name up.
Speaker E: It's all just souls with screen.
Speaker E: It's all just stolen.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: But there's not a lot of yellow.
Speaker C: There's not a lot of yellow.
Speaker C: Of course I wasn't really forced to take that color.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: I don't know the way you are that innovative.
Speaker C: It's too true.
Speaker B: But how many robots do you see like this?
Speaker C: If we added the screaming factor.
Speaker C: Then we go up.
Speaker C: I would say we're probably up four.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: It's going to hurt us.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Spongy material.
Speaker B: Yeah, we do have that.
Speaker D: We have some splashes.
Speaker D: It's native.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: It's not a one though.
Speaker D: One would be the whole thing.
Speaker C: Yeah, because it's only got to fold and stuff.
Speaker C: Like these parts of the grips and perhaps the back side, the bottom underneath on the back.
Speaker D: So lots of four.
Speaker C: Probably four at most.
Speaker B: Lastly, did we put the fashion in electronics?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Your fashion is but is Carmen Miranda?
Speaker C: You betcha.
Speaker D: Well, the recent fashion is rather displayed in the LCD.
Speaker D: It's true.
Speaker D: And you operated the form on the color, but it definitely is.
Speaker E: What we were told.
Speaker E: Definitely.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Now I just got to calculate.
Speaker B: 17.
Speaker B: 17.
Speaker B: 17.
Speaker B: 17.
Speaker E: 17.
Speaker B: Jesus and Amas, You bet whistlebl Right? How does that work?
Speaker D: I'm impressed I can't do that without a calculator.
Speaker D: No, I'm fine.
Speaker B: It's been a while.
Speaker C: And what is the acceptable criteria?
Speaker C: Is there like a scale that we have to hit?
Speaker B: Oh no, I just told me to pick my own criteria and have you guys evaluate it.
Speaker B: Basically.
Speaker C: All right then.
Speaker B: So that's that.
Speaker C: Okay, well, let's see.
Speaker C: Now we get to do the budget numbers.
Speaker C: You didn't know that you were going to have a budget.
Speaker C: But we do.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: It's been going a long time.
Speaker E: It's 2.4 to 8.
Speaker E: I said it was too strong.
Speaker E: Oh my gosh.
Speaker E: 2.4 to 8.
Speaker E: Yeah, we're going to have that.
Speaker C: So I have here 50% be pretty.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We want a 50% profit on this.
Speaker C: I can't really see that very well.
Speaker C: Just about finished quickly.
Speaker C: 12 and a half euros is what's supposed to cost us.
Speaker C: Okay, so.
Speaker C: It's too much.
Speaker C: Well, let's see.
Speaker C: The.
Speaker C: This.
None: Okay.
None: All right.
Speaker C: All right, so.
Speaker C: I don't know if you guys can read that enough.
Speaker C: I can't sit on my glasses on.
Speaker C: But so we've got the energy source.
Speaker C: There's a four, five, six categories.
Speaker C: We have energy source electronics case.
Speaker C: Then we have case material supplements interface type.
Speaker C: And then button supplements.
Speaker C: Okay, so.
Speaker C: First of all, energy source.
Speaker C: We pick battery.
Speaker C: And how many batteries do we think this will probably take?
Speaker C: Probably.
Speaker C: So either two or four.
Speaker C: Two.
None: Two.
None: Like it.
Speaker D: Four is going to be too heavy.
Speaker D: So that's not our problem.
Speaker D: People can change it every month.
None: They won't.
Speaker C: Oh, I thought I thought I bought it.
Speaker C: This is consumerism.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: So for the electronics, our choices are simple chip on print, regular chip on print, advanced chip on print, sample sensor, sample speaker.
Speaker D: Advanced chip, that's the advanced chip on print.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: We have one of those.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Then the case is a.
Speaker C: Probably that's double curved.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Case materials are.
Speaker C: Plastic.
Speaker C: Plastic.
Speaker C: I guess it's two since one for the top one for the bottom.
Speaker C: Is that right or is it just one?
Speaker C: Oh, maybe it's one because of the.
Speaker D: It's just one single mode.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: I guess it doesn't matter because the price on that one is zero.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Special color.
Speaker D: That's not a special color.
Speaker C: Especially ugly color.
Speaker C: Interface type.
Speaker C: We have push button scroll wheel interface.
Speaker C: Integrated scroll wheel push button LCD display.
Speaker C: So we actually have the LCD display.
Speaker C: And then is it the integrated or.
Speaker E: Absolutely.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: Button supplement special color.
Speaker C: Special form.
Speaker C: Special material.
Speaker D: We could of course make the buttons would.
Speaker D: Same how can they.
Speaker B: Really love or titanium.
Speaker B: The cost is all.
Speaker C: But we only have one button.
Speaker C: So really we shouldn't be charged.
Speaker C: We shouldn't be charged anything.
Speaker C: The button supplements.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: We're going to leave that one blank because we run on a LCD.
Speaker C: Scroll.
Speaker C: So our total is 15.5.
Speaker C: Which I believe.
Speaker C: Is.
Speaker C: Three euros over.
Speaker D: So we go for the hand.
Speaker C: So the only thing better than a banana shape remote is one of the.
Speaker C: One that you shake.
Speaker E: What if we completely took out the one single button we've got on.
Speaker E: And just had a scroll wheel interface.
Speaker E: And the LCD's way.
Speaker E: I suppose the LCD's way is the one that's putting it off a bit.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, because we have to have both, right?
Speaker D: That's a basic.
Speaker D: It also depends on the software on the television you can have.
Speaker E: The information that's been translated on the screen.
Speaker C: You could maybe take out the LCD's.
Speaker D: If it comes up on the computer itself, on the TV itself.
Speaker D: And you're not needed.
Speaker D: There you go.
Speaker C: There we go.
Speaker C: There we go.
Speaker C: Twelve point five.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So we just remove our screen here.
Speaker E: Big a dial.
Speaker E: Easy to use.
Speaker E: Easy to use on.
Speaker C: Besides, look at what the LCD does to our lovely remote.
Speaker C: Back to the design room, boys.
Speaker D: Take away a heck of water.
Speaker B: What's the blue part?
Speaker E: That was just, we ran out of yellow.
Speaker D: There you go.
Speaker E: There you go.
Speaker B: It was simpler.
Speaker E: Looks more like a banana.
Speaker E: Feels a few little bit out there.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Cost under twelve point five zero.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: We redesigned it.
Speaker C: Now it's yes.
Speaker C: Next slide.
Speaker C: Project evaluation.
Speaker C: Project process satisfaction with, for example.
Speaker C: Creativity leadership team work means new ideas found.
Speaker C: So I guess that.
Speaker C: I think that perhaps the project evaluation is just supposed to be complete by me.
Speaker C: But I'd like to hear your thoughts.
Speaker B: What did you think of our project process?
Speaker C: We don't quite well.
Speaker E: Team work.
Speaker D: Right from the start of the day.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We started off a little week.
Speaker C: Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning.
Speaker C: But as the day went along, we had more idea of what we were doing.
Speaker C: Room for creativity.
Speaker C: I think it was interesting as you guys brought up more information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things.
Speaker C: You guys work together.
Speaker C: Well team.
Speaker C: And the means.
Speaker C: Which was the white board depends.
Speaker C: I had some problem with the pen.
Speaker B: I think.
Speaker B: Minus your power point.
Speaker B: Minus your power point.
Speaker D: My father.
Speaker D: No, I know.
Speaker C: People I worked for.
Speaker C: Have a list of employees that you would like fired.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: For the remote.
Speaker C: Maybe no.
Speaker C: For technology.
Speaker C: Closing.
Speaker C: Cost or within the budget.
Speaker C: Project is evaluated.
Speaker C: Complete final questionnaire and meeting someone.
Speaker C: That's it.
Speaker C: I still have to do my minutes.
Speaker C: So there will probably be another.
Speaker C: Question air coming up.
Speaker C: And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can.
Speaker C: What goes on after that.
Speaker C: That's the end of our meeting.
