None: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Welcome to our detailed design meeting.
Speaker E: I'm pretty excited.
Speaker E: Let's start.
Speaker E: It's approximately 1540 or something like that.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: The agenda we're going to do an opening and then I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting, what we discussed.
Speaker E: Then we'll have the prototype presentation and look at the evaluation criteria.
Speaker E: We'll look at the finances and finally do production evaluation and close.
Speaker E: So starting off with the last one.
Speaker E: I don't have it here.
Speaker E: But we talked about energy.
Speaker E: We're going to use a kinetic battery.
Speaker E: We want to use a simple chip because we're not going to need a shuffle.
Speaker E: I'm going to need a scroll.
Speaker E: We're choosing a latex case in fruity colors.
Speaker E: It's curved.
Speaker E: And we're using push buttons with a supplement of an on-screen menu.
Speaker E: It sounded like we had set like eight or nine buttons, including five preset channels.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Let's do the look and feel design presentation first.
None: One.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker C: Well, we made three different prototypes.
Speaker C: And I guess we'll start with this one.
Speaker C: We have our colors not fixed, but this is the general shape.
Speaker C: You hold it sort of either like this in your left hand or you switch it over and it's easily adaptable to either hand.
Speaker C: You can push the buttons with your thumb like a mobile phone or you can push them with your index finger of your other hand or even then there's a whole variety.
Speaker C: You can hold it like this and press it with your same index finger.
Speaker C: We have the on off button at the tip.
Speaker C: Very visible.
Speaker C: Very big.
Speaker C: We have our up and down buttons, which are also going to be our channel selectors.
Speaker C: And we have our little menu button here.
Speaker C: If you push, if you're just pushing these normally, they're the menu buttons.
Speaker C: If the volume buttons rather, if you press select once, they become channel changing buttons.
Speaker C: If you press select three times, the menu with the other features and possibly also with your TV channel choices shows up and you have your five presets down here.
Speaker C: People want to grab a hold of that and see how it feels in your hand.
Speaker C: That's our number one prototype.
Speaker C: You want to present the potato or shall I fill with the varsity?
Speaker E: You're just acting a little lightning bolt in it.
Speaker E: Very cute.
Speaker E: I can do about one of the wrong bits.
Speaker A: This one's known as the potato.
Speaker A: It's not presented.
Speaker A: It's an ergonomic shape.
Speaker A: It fits in your hands.
Speaker A: It's designed to be used to be the left hand or the right hand.
Speaker A: I've gone here just before buttons on this one.
Speaker A: There are two blue buttons here after adjusting the volume.
Speaker A: This is called volume up and volume down on the other side here.
Speaker A: The back one is the artboard, and check the channels.
Speaker A: Channel up and channel down.
Speaker A: The moves between the bigger channels that you've selected.
Speaker A: This middle button here is the top-down screen menu.
Speaker A: When you're working in the on-screen menu, you use the other four buttons to navigate the middle button.
Speaker A: That's basically it.
Speaker E: On off?
Speaker A: That would be one of your channels.
Speaker A: Channel zero would be...
Speaker A: It turns off.
Speaker B: Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button?
Speaker A: That's not really...
Speaker A: It's not really hard to do.
Speaker C: If you press and held it, maybe.
Speaker C: You're going to call it down.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: That would be on.
Speaker C: On-off.
Speaker C: That's the possibility of...
Speaker C: And then finally, we have the Martian or the pair either way.
Speaker C: It's a bit different.
Speaker C: Just a little bit more of a creative feel.
Speaker C: You have the on-off toggle stem on the top.
Speaker C: We have the five preset Z.
Speaker C: And then you have all the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional.
Speaker C: You have your channel changing volume changing buttons and your menu button right here in the middle.
Speaker C: That's for your consideration as well.
Speaker C: Plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up.
Speaker C: We figured it could stand up like this on your table if I made the bottom flat.
Speaker C: Sorry, what's the other one in the middle?
Speaker C: The menu select button.
Speaker E: Very interesting.
Speaker E: That was my favorite.
Speaker A: I'm not sorry, I'm sorry.
Speaker C: We were thinking that normally we'd go for fruity colors but maybe we're also thinking that you're sort of middle aged man.
Speaker C: For an example, customer might not want a fruity colored remote.
Speaker C: So maybe we'd have one version that's a bit toned down, maybe with less contrast on it.
Speaker C: There's something still a little bright to make it hard to lose but...
Speaker E: That was one thing that we brought up over email.
Speaker E: I don't know if you picked up your email but the feature that we considered for not getting lost.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: We were talking about that a little bit when we got that email.
Speaker C: And we think that each of these are so distinctive that it's not just like another piece of technology around your house.
Speaker C: It's going to be somewhere that it can be seen.
Speaker C: So we're not thinking that it's going to be as critical to not cover in a couch.
Speaker E: Would it be very difficult to just have an external device that like, I don't know, you taped to your TV that when you press it, a little like beep goes off?
Speaker E: Do you think that would be conceptually possible?
Speaker A: I think.
Speaker A: I think that's the most most. It's probably under the city and then not because of the uncertainty that's in the city.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker A: I wonder if it's more just the gimmick than anything else.
Speaker A: I don't know how many times the service would be doing that to go with the device like that.
Speaker C: There might be something that you can do in the shortboard in the chip to make it make a noise or something, but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: That's a fair evaluation.
Speaker E: Getting lost.
Speaker E: We've decided not to worry about that for now.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, the designs are very bright.
Speaker E: So you're right.
Speaker C: They're going to stick out.
Speaker C: So do people have a preference as far as feel and functionality?
Speaker B: I feel like this is similar to sort of what already exists.
Speaker B: So we're trying to think of something sort of like new and fun, even though this is like what I'm initially drawn to, just because it's like comfortable and like not different.
Speaker B: I sort of like this one.
Speaker B: Like I don't know why it just it's like small, but still sort of like cute looking.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: But I also like the side buttons on that one.
Speaker B: Like I think that's kind of me, but I don't know how much any of this has to do with the fashionable sort of cool looking thing that we also need to focus on.
Speaker E: Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off?
Speaker E: So then we wouldn't have to do it.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker C: Here.
Speaker C: Stick it on.
Speaker E: Sure.
Speaker E: Um, why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria?
Speaker B: Well, to be one, like I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That was, I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do, but let me, I have to like write something on the whiteboard.
Speaker E: So do you need this or just right on the right?
Speaker B: No, I actually don't have like a PowerPointy thing.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Because I think it would be redundant.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker E: It's kind of like a joystick kind of thing.
Speaker E: Hey.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Maybe a little smaller than that.
Speaker E: No, I kind of like it.
Speaker E: That's hard to mess.
Speaker E: Oh, it does.
Speaker A: It's kind of like.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: There could have a stem like that because I do kind of like the stem.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It almost helps you keep a grip too.
Speaker E: Because it goes in between fingers.
Speaker E: Just think.
Speaker C: I like this one.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: That would be the most important thing that I'm missing.
Speaker C: I like the idea of the, I mean that's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down.
Speaker E: That one.
Speaker E: I am worried about like using a menu.
Speaker E: Um, in that, like within menus there are sub menus.
Speaker E: And so how do you get back to the main menu?
Speaker E: Well, on the iPad, you just, every time you want to go back you hit the menu button.
Speaker E: That has a menu button separate from a select button.
Speaker E: Whereas if this one's both the menu and the select button.
Speaker A: This is, this is the up and down button.
Speaker A: So you use the scrolling up and down for the list of choices.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So you just, you just divide the button.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Could these be used for going sub menus or maybe, yeah, maybe it could be one of those if you press down and hold for two seconds.
Speaker C: Then it brings you back one level or something.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, as long as we have that in mind as we're designing it still.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So which one are we sort of roughly looking at to address whether or not it meets our, um, necessities, but yellowy one is that potato?
Speaker B: Are we leaning towards the pertaining?
Speaker B: So, okay.
Speaker B: Well, we can obviously change it after we go through these different ones.
Speaker B: So basically what we need to do is some of the things that we've talked about before.
Speaker B: We need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to.
Speaker B: So what we sort of want to do is we each need to separately rank each of the following things and then I'll tabulate an average just to make sure that it doesn't meet that.
Speaker B: So we'll just go through them one at a time and we'll just go around and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true and seven being not true at all or false if the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria.
Speaker B: So we can do this one first.
Speaker B: First, we want to know if it meets the fancy looking feel objective.
Speaker B: So like in my opinion, for now at least the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle.
Speaker B: So I'm going to say it's like a three.
Speaker B: That's just my opinion.
Speaker B: What is each of you?
Speaker E: I kind of think it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, give it the number.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker E: I will give it a one.
Speaker C: I don't know if it's creative.
Speaker C: I don't know if fancy is the word I would use.
Speaker C: I don't know if any of them are fancy.
Speaker C: I'd say two because it's unique.
Speaker B: And two.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And same sort of scale for functionality.
Speaker B: Is it functional?
Speaker B: I think it's extremely functional.
Speaker B: I'm going to give it a one.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker A: I think it's functional.
Speaker A: It's also pretty basic.
Speaker E: It's under the answer.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Functional.
Speaker E: I think it'll get everything done.
Speaker E: I think it might be a little confusing at first.
Speaker E: Well, there's some other points I will address that.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Then I'm going to give it a two.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We want to know next if it's technologically innovative.
Speaker B: Did you give a functional?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: She said this one.
Speaker B: Is it technologically innovative?
Speaker B: Not really.
Speaker B: I mean, not so much because we don't have the LCD screen.
Speaker B: We don't have fancy chip.
Speaker B: Other than what it looks like.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's really a battery.
Speaker B: It's a kinetic battery is a big one.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker C: How many people noticed that though?
Speaker B: But we know it's there.
Speaker E: They'll be like, Hey, I have never changed the battery.
Speaker B: And if it's made of like latex, that whole idea.
Speaker B: That's pretty cool.
Speaker B: I'll give it a three.
Speaker B: Because it could have picked a lot of features.
Speaker B: I would have made it really.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I would say that it's.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: Like fancy versus creative.
Speaker C: It's different.
Speaker C: It does that.
Speaker C: You put innovative.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I'll give it a three.
Speaker B: Why?
None: I don't know.
Speaker A: It's certainly not the case.
Speaker A: It's not the main thing.
Speaker A: It's just.
Speaker A: It's just.
Speaker A: It's just.
Speaker A: It's just.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker E: I think I'm going to go with the four as well.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: Next is it easy to use just so you know, easy to learn will be separate.
Speaker B: Is it all?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Overlap them.
Speaker B: I think it's really easy to use.
Speaker B: I'll give it.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker B: I'll give it a one.
Speaker C: Pretty hard to mess up.
Speaker B: I'll let's say two.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: We next want to see if it has a spongy quality.
Speaker B: And indeed it's made of latex or rubber.
Speaker B: It's spongy all the way.
Speaker B: Give it a one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: One of the bounces when you drop it.
Speaker C: Oh, then you could.
Speaker C: It'd be harder to break.
Speaker E: It'd be less impact.
Speaker A: What do you give it?
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And the next is does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables?
Speaker B: Well, is it going to be yellow?
Speaker C: It might be.
Speaker E: That's our corporate color, isn't it?
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Corporate color.
Speaker E: We didn't keep that.
Speaker E: We want to keep it yellow.
Speaker E: Well, if we.
Speaker E: I know it would make it a little less a little more confusing, but if we had all the buttons in black and the design and the outside in yellow.
Speaker E: That would be our corporate one.
Speaker E: And then we could also have alternative colors.
Speaker E: One a more conservative one.
Speaker E: One is more fruity.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's like a silvery kind of white or something.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Can we have like an R R inscribed on the bottom or something?
Speaker E: Sure.
None: All right.
Speaker B: So I think it was.
Speaker C: It was inspired by the potato.
Speaker C: So I think it's kind of mango-y too.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: I gave it a little one.
Speaker B: The mango kind of put me over.
Speaker C: That's a much worse.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker B: What's everyone's numbers?
Speaker A: One.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And does the design match the appropriate behavior?
Speaker B: Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons that they use the channel flipping in the volume the most.
Speaker B: I think we really took that into account a lot.
Speaker B: So I'm an evil one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Me too.
Speaker B: Do you say one?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Also we talked earlier about RSI and wanting to prevent any sort of like carpal tunnel-y kind of thing.
Speaker B: Do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account?
Speaker B: I think I'll give it to you because I almost feel like no matter what you do something is going to happen.
Speaker E: And if it's repetitive movement, it is going to be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing.
Speaker E: But I'm worth the rest.
Speaker E: I like how it fits in the hand though.
Speaker E: I'd go with it too.
Speaker C: I'll say two as well because older people that aren't used to testing, but if I might bend it a bit.
Speaker C: I'll add that first.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker B: Awesome.
Speaker B: And the ease of learning it.
Speaker B: I know you were saying that you were a little bit nervous about that.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: It sort of reminds me of the iPod.
Speaker B: I just got my excellent read the instruction book and I'm doing okay.
Speaker B: And I'm not good at learning technology.
Speaker B: So I'll give it a two.
Speaker C: The menu system and the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing.
Speaker C: But I think if it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards.
Speaker C: So I think I'd give it a two I guess.
Speaker A: I think it's probably a little harder than most of the way.
Speaker A: Because you have to use the menu system and you have to tell it what the type of travel is on.
Speaker A: Oh, good point.
Speaker A: Once you've learned how to use it, I think it'll be a four.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: I think I'd give it a four too.
Speaker E: It's a pretty high learning curve.
Speaker E: It'll be easy once you've done it, but.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Also earlier, we had something about losing it.
Speaker B: And so now we're not addressing that at all.
Speaker E: So we, I think we can kind of say we addressed it with color.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: So in terms of not losing it, do you think that on a scale of one to seven, how easy or hard is it to lose?
Speaker B: I'm going to, I'm going to give it a four because I think that you can still, if it's in between somewhere where you can't see it, you're kind of not going to find it, but anywhere else it's going to stand out.
Speaker C: I said, give it a three.
Speaker C: It depends how tidy you are normally.
Speaker E: You give it a four.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Small too.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: We also said simplicity.
Speaker B: How, how does it address just being simple?
Speaker C: Simple to use or simple in design.
Speaker B: I think overall, because we had said before our two main things were simplicity and fashion.
Speaker B: So those are the next two things we're going to look at.
Speaker B: Separate from fancy like that sort of thing.
Speaker B: Um, it like wants to be simple, but it's not like totally totally simple.
Speaker B: So I'm going to give it a two.
Speaker C: I want to give it a three, I guess.
Speaker A: Three.
None: All right.
Speaker B: And fashionable.
Speaker E: It's totally fashionable.
Speaker B: It's hot.
Speaker B: I mean, it's a mango.
Speaker B: I mean, how fashionable can you make a road?
Speaker B: I think it's bringing technology and fashion together really really well.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't think it's quite as fashionable as my robot or boat.
Speaker C: I do like the little more.
Speaker B: Yeah, the toggle on off switch.
Speaker B: It's really appealing.
Speaker B: Number of two.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker B: And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal.
Speaker B: That whole thing.
Speaker B: Just that it would serve our audience.
Speaker B: I don't see why not.
Speaker E: I think as long if we offer in a in at least three different color arrangements.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So I'll give it a two.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Does anyone have any other features that they think are important that we didn't talk about?
Speaker E: Well, we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to have a corporate logo.
Speaker E: So let's make sure we keep that in mind that we have that one of our color concepts is corporate and has an R.
Speaker E: R on it.
Speaker E: Well, I think all of them are.
Speaker B: And so we're going to do that.
Speaker B: So we'll address it.
Speaker B: Fine.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Now we're going to look at finances.
Speaker E: I have an Excel sheet that we're actually going to calculate the cost.
Speaker E: So let me add this first.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: I know.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Hand dynamo.
Speaker E: We're using kinetic matter.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And we're having one per.
Speaker E: One.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So we have a little bit of electronics.
Speaker E: Single.
Speaker E: Simple.
Speaker D: And simple, rather.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Case.
Speaker E: Double curved.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's very curvy.
Speaker C: So, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, I didn't get a picture of those.
Speaker C: So I don't really know.
Speaker C: Our case material supplements.
Speaker B: Oops.
Speaker C: We just get one.
Speaker C: We need plastic and.
Speaker C: No, we the plastic is the plastic for the inside is.
Speaker C: Assume.
Speaker C: The wood.
Speaker B: Oh, I guess it was rubber rather than rubber.
Speaker D: It was rubber and special color.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: More than one special color.
Speaker E: Yeah, we're using.
Speaker E: We're going to need at least two special colors.
Speaker E: I don't know what the basic color is.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, but we know that we're having at least three colors.
Speaker C: Well, are we talking about on each color combination or we know like we'll have yellow and black?
Speaker C: Is that two special colors?
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker C: Or that I think white and black or.
Speaker C: I guess it's three.
Speaker C: Three three three.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker E: Maybe the R.R. will be in color as well.
Speaker E: So, yeah.
Speaker E: Interface.
Speaker E: We're doing push buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And how many buttons do we have?
Speaker E: Sex.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker C: Five.
Speaker C: With the power.
Speaker E: Anything else?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Oh, we'll do.
None: Do we want.
Speaker C: Are the buttons in special colors?
Speaker C: I didn't get information.
Speaker E: Oh, wait.
Speaker E: Oh, so, so the case material will just have one color, right?
Speaker E: Well, does it?
Speaker C: We'll be in special colors.
Speaker C: But if we're making multiple varieties of this is where I'm getting confused.
Speaker E: We're saying per unit.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So each unit will only have one color.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker E: And each.
Speaker E: But the cases could have up to three.
Speaker E: I mean, the buttons could be up to three colors.
Speaker E: That's how it's designed there.
Speaker E: I like it like that.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Special form.
Speaker E: They're all kind of just push button.
Speaker E: No, I think they're fine.
Speaker C: Special material.
Speaker C: We want them rubber as well.
Speaker C: Probably.
Speaker E: Oh, do I have to do it per button?
Speaker E: Do I?
Speaker C: No, I don't think so.
Speaker C: I think they're all going to be rubbers.
Speaker C: That's what it matters.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, because for the whole case material, it's only one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, it's true to make it rubber.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Oh, wait.
Speaker E: So maybe.
Speaker E: Thirteen point seven.
Speaker E: Uh oh.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: What can we reduce?
Speaker C: Okay, let's have our buttons all be one color.
Speaker B: I kind of like the button.
Speaker E: I would do.
Speaker E: It's only going to bring us down to thirteen point three anyway.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Are we sure this is double curved?
Speaker E: Maybe it's single curved.
Speaker E: We have to know what idea.
Speaker E: We have no idea.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I didn't get any pictures.
Speaker D: It's single curved.
Speaker D: Why?
Speaker E: Well, it's not the.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: It's a kinetic battery that's kind of expensive, but we have a simple chip.
Speaker E: Single curve.
Speaker E: Case material is rubber and it's a special color.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: But that's important.
Speaker E: That is important.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker E: It just happened.
Speaker E: Now it's twelve.
Speaker E: Twelve.
Speaker E: Twelve.
Speaker A: Five.
Speaker A: Hey.
Speaker A: So we're okay.
Speaker E: I think.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: We're all set.
Speaker E: I saved that to our.
Speaker E: Our.
None: Our.
Speaker E: Our.
Speaker E: Our.
Speaker E: Big, shared folders.
Speaker E: So you know.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Back to agenda.
Speaker E: Are the costs under twelve fifty euro?
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Yeah, they are.
Speaker E: Let's move on to the project evaluation.
Speaker E: Project process.
Speaker E: Satisfaction with, for example, the room for creativity, leadership, team work, the means, and you know, idea is found.
Speaker E: So I guess what we're going to talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project, the information we got, and used how we used it.
Speaker E: If we were able to, you know, use our creativity with the information.
Speaker E: How well I guess I let it.
Speaker E: How well we worked together as a team.
Speaker E: The digital pen, the whiteboard.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: I felt very creative.
Speaker C: I enjoyed making the prototype.
Speaker A: I think it was being successful in the two almost only put a gun in the house for the second semester.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And we'd come up with a thing about the new gifts that are the gifts.
Speaker C: I think we could have done even better with a little bit more information, like what's a single curve case, how many colors, what do colors count, things.
Speaker C: But given what we had, I think we did really well.
Speaker C: I think we worked together pretty well.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, if I had more market research, other than the fruits and vegetables, maybe we could have taken that into account.
Speaker C: But the fruits and vegetables stipulated by creativity.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker B: I really did.
Speaker B: The whole mango idea was great.
Speaker B: I mean, the pen was a little distracting for me personally.
Speaker B: It's heaviness.
Speaker B: I've just been so conscious of turning the pages.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: That was a bit of a distraction.
Speaker B: But with the last one, I chose not to do a powerpoint because I didn't think it made sense to.
Speaker B: So I liked that I had the option to do that and just to take my own notes and that whole sort of thing.
Speaker E: I think we all made very significant contributions.
Speaker E: I don't think anybody dominated it, which I thought was really good.
Speaker E: Like each of us was able to, like, if you had your information and I tried to facilitate it without taking over.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: A little finished bodos.
Speaker B: That's kind of a lot one.
Speaker C: Can we work at this as the back go remote?
Speaker C: Should we have that somewhere on the packaging?
Speaker D: I have a little more powerpoint.
Speaker B: I'm trying to think of a good pun that I could add there.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker E: It's like a little jingle.
Speaker B: I like the R.R. that's going to be etched in.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Hopefully not with just my thinking out at some point.
Speaker C: But kind of a useful little gadget.
Speaker C: Oh, thanks to Ian for the design of that one.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: What do we have?
Speaker C: Our ideas found.
Speaker C: People should really base their boat's, our troops, our vegetables.
Speaker E: Or at least be creative enough to think of toggle switches.
Speaker C: I, et cetera.
Speaker C: I am really into the idea of comedic batteries now.
Speaker C: I'm so excited about them.
Speaker C: Can I even know they existed?
Speaker C: I knew you could get watches that had them.
Speaker C: Like, really quite expensive watches.
Speaker C: That just would never need a battery because you're always moving your wrist.
Speaker C: But in other things, I think it would be really good.
Speaker E: And it, yeah.
Speaker E: Okay, closing at the cost of the budget.
Speaker E: With the project evaluated.
Speaker E: And then just find a questionnaire meeting summary.
Speaker E: So this is a great product, kids.
Speaker E: I think we've created something really interesting and then we have a market for it.
Speaker E: Especially if we can produce it at 12.3, which we hope.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the final results.
Speaker E: Yeah, really?
Speaker E: I do like the Martian remote.
Speaker E: If we could choose more than one, that would be my second choice.
Speaker B: Oh, that would definitely be my second choice.
Speaker E: Although the toggle.
Speaker E: I'm afraid I would break it.
Speaker E: I would break it.
Speaker C: I think I would break it.
Speaker C: It started because I wanted to have it as a stem.
Speaker C: It started as a pair, but it started looking weird.
Speaker C: We're like, what if I could penguin?
Speaker D: I like that it stands up.
Speaker C: Well, maybe I should market it to some remote control company.
Speaker C: So our art.
Speaker D: A little thing.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Congratulations.
Speaker B: Nothing will come up until after our meeting.
Speaker B: It's supposed to be over at five.
Speaker E: I got more master classes.
Speaker E: That's really funny that you got spamming your work.
Speaker E: Check it out.
Speaker E: You need to keep in mind your knowledge management.
Speaker B: I want to make sure you do.
Speaker B: It's very work relevant because we did.
Speaker E: I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website.
Speaker C: You can see it through the corporate website.
Speaker B: It's really deep.
Speaker B: It takes a little while to get excited to live.
Speaker B: That thing is pretty cool.
Speaker B: Yes, I love Excel.
Speaker B: It's one of my favorite programs.
Speaker C: I'm not sure.
Speaker C: My inspiration from last time is the interior of remote control being taken apart bit by bit.
Speaker B: I learned a lot.
Speaker C: I could probably take a part of remote control now if I needed to.
Speaker C: I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing.
Speaker B: It's a technology out today.
Speaker B: It's really interesting.
Speaker E: I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: It's really cool.
Speaker E: I don't see how we could have.
Speaker E: At least for me.
Speaker C: If I had pictures of the different parts of the case, I would have probably drawn them up.
Speaker B: I would have been able to put them up.
Speaker C: I would have to have a PowerPoint that we can all look at.
Speaker E: You can do all of those things on the PowerPoint.
Speaker B: These might have made us more willing to take notes than to write them up here.
Speaker C: I would have to have them up separately in the whiteboards in this room.
Speaker C: Because we were all going to be working in different places, if we were all going to stay here all the time, then having the notes up on the whiteboard would have been all right.
Speaker E: Everyone needs their own specific notes.
Speaker E: When you were creating your prototypes here, did you work together
Speaker A: or do you do separate projects? I would have to have them up and forth.
Speaker C: It was a bit of both.
Speaker C: We just started out by each taking a color of clay and just fooling around with it.
Speaker C: I came out with that rhombus shape and he came out with a potato-y, mango-y shape.
Speaker C: Then I just went from there.
None: I felt well-managed.
Speaker C: I think we did well in the first festival, keeping our meetings designed.
Speaker A: We did a good job of making some decisions with men.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker C: That happened to me all the time though.
Speaker A: I know what happened sometimes is that men have meetings and people said that the way without anything else would really be decided.
Speaker A: I think that women have been on the ground and decided to decide someplace now that men are looking to set up the new way to go on.
Speaker C: I was quite worried at the end of the last meeting that we weren't getting.
Speaker C: We didn't really have enough information to make from decisions, but we were able to do it regardless.
Speaker C: I'm not usually a very decisive person, so it helped to have people say this thing is a little bit different than five minutes.
Speaker E: I found that we could have used another five or ten minutes.
Speaker E: Especially last time.
Speaker E: I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time, not quite enough.
Speaker E: You know what I mean?
Speaker E: We couldn't answer every single question.
Speaker C: I felt the first two meetings that I was coming in with no information.
Speaker C: That sort of made me really...
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: Throwing together a PowerPoint of no information.
Speaker C: Last time it was the opposite.
Speaker C: I had so much information and so much to talk about.
Speaker E: It was interesting what came out later.
Speaker E: As I was doing the breakdown on the agenda that they gave me, that more points came out from your presentation even.
None: I'm a little...
Speaker E: I am a little disappointed that we didn't do something for losing the remote because that was kind of a big point.
Speaker C: That was something like...
Speaker C: In order to talk about that, we would have had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards.
Speaker B: Even when we were creating from the Excel file, there wasn't an option to select to somehow have it included.
Speaker B: There was no way we could be like, yeah, I have them included.
Speaker B: There's no way for us to have written down that it was really bare.
Speaker C: I think we were just getting over enthusiastic with the task.
Speaker C: Well, it's interesting really got into it.
Speaker C: I mean, I got into it as the day went on.
Speaker C: I got really like, oh, I'm designing remote control.
Speaker E: I don't know if that's just me, but yeah, I suppose.
Speaker E: It was interesting though that they put that 50% of people say they have frustration with losing their remote and yet they didn't provide us with information too.
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't want to be able to discuss that.
Speaker E: I know that people have things that can put on their keys, that you press it and it'll be.
Speaker E: Yeah, but I'm sure that would require some kind of technology that I just don't know what it is.
Speaker C: I think there are some of those infomercial remote that have things so you won't lose them.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I mean, we were talking about it.
Speaker C: In my household, at least there's only about two places that the remote is ever.
Speaker C: There's only one TB and there's only like two chairs.
Speaker B: That's insane. You're never going to lose your keys.
Speaker B: I always do anyway.
Speaker B: You'll lose them in your pocket.
Speaker B: Like you just won't forget that we're going to put it down somewhere that like made sense and then not remember there's always ways to lose things.
Speaker E: Yeah, it depends on how organized you are personally.
Speaker C: Yeah, or like, I guess what the sense of the house is too.
Speaker C: But I am notorious for losing my keys.
Speaker C: I guess I've just never lost the remote.
Speaker C: I put my keys in the refrigerator the other time.
Speaker C: I find them.
Speaker C: So I was putting groceries away.
Speaker C: That's why.
Speaker C: You're taking stuff off a bag and putting them in the refrigerator.
Speaker C: Back to my room.
Speaker E: Can't get in.
Speaker E: Look all around the kitchen.
Speaker C: Definitely in the vegetable drawer.
Speaker B: So I always do the living and my coat and using a different coat.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker D: I guess that's good.
Speaker C: We don't really carry room out around that much.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Can't always get into the other room.
Speaker C: Maybe it was our little robot when we could have had him have a robot alien pair or whatever he is.
Speaker C: Have a little voice.
Speaker C: I am located.
Speaker C: A GPS.
Speaker C: It's an internal GPS.
Speaker D: And then...
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker C: Although if it's sitting still for a moment.
Speaker E: We should make one that walks by itself.
Speaker E: It really could get up and walk away.
Speaker E: Or some crazy electromagnet that you push it and it'll zoom to the TV and stick there.
Speaker C: Or just a wheel.
Speaker C: Just if you have to ever vote for your robot.
Speaker E: Well, but if you could attach them to the TV.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: All kinds of possibilities.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Sorry, I'm just trying to update my minutes.
Speaker E: I decided to, you know how I sent you the email saying that PowerPoint minutes will be complimentary.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Rather than like repeating.
Speaker E: I'm just going to make them full minutes so that it'll include all of the agenda and all that.
Speaker E: Well, because it seems a little more useful.
Speaker C: So you had the most typing and organizing to do.
Speaker E: But I didn't have like information to swap.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you?
Speaker C: Every meeting.
Speaker E: Most of it.
Speaker E: I added slides.
Speaker E: I added a couple slides each time.
Speaker E: But that's better.
Speaker C: I didn't even think about adding slides because I would just get slides with titles on them and build them all in.
Speaker C: Didn't even think about adding more.
Speaker E: Well, the thing was it would provide you an agenda with like several points, but it wouldn't have a slide for each point.
Speaker E: And that's the only way I remember that I need to go over that point.
Speaker E: I know personally when I do PowerPoint, that's what I do.
Speaker E: So I added ones, even if it was just like the title of it, like the three presentations.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: You have to have a slogan on it or can it just be like the slogan on it?
Speaker B: No, different.
Speaker B: We could go around the other side.
Speaker C: No, I don't think we need to.
Speaker C: Yellow and black one.
Speaker C: Yellow and blue.
Speaker C: Let me go to the web page.
Speaker E: I was just kind of going by the web page because they didn't give me any clear yellow gray.
Speaker B: Gray.
Speaker B: Gray.
Speaker B: It's better than black.
None: Doesn't look so bumble lady.
Speaker C: I really understand the reading.
Speaker C: Finish meeting now.
Speaker E: Wasn't it interesting that I thought it was interesting that our marketing expert did not agree with the marketing choices.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, because I just think you're really doing like a really big market evaluation.
Speaker B: You wouldn't just have like one set of sources kind of and they weren't so not backed up.
Speaker B: It would just be a sentence being like we did a survey.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: People are stupid.
Speaker C: I guess it's sort of like gray, isn't it?
Speaker C: Yellow and gray, but then the slogan is in blue.
Speaker B: Well, we got some gray and we got some blue buttons.
Speaker B: We're good.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, they don't have the right color clay anyway.
Speaker E: Maybe like, I don't know.
Speaker C: I think I always be something.
Speaker B: Well, we're not sadly meant to actually be producing this.
Speaker B: Oh, if they ever come out with potato potato bag.
Speaker B: I'm going to clean the intellectual property.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: I can't believe the whole day.
Speaker C: I feel like it's been that long.
Speaker C: It's like a...
Speaker C: I don't know.
None: I'm actually there.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
