Speaker B: I think first.
None: Okay.
None: Who's going to do PowerPoint presentation?
None: I think we are.
None: You will as well.
None: I thought we are.
None: Yeah, I have one too.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: I thought we are.
Speaker A: Yeah, I have one too.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker B: I just want to, because basically I can't really crap it remembering everyone's names so I just want to rather than go out and miss marketing and miss this and miss that.
Speaker B: I want to know your names again.
Speaker B: I just can leave this up here because I'll, you know.
Speaker C: So, Katherine, C-A-T-H-E-R-I-N.
Speaker B: Okay, and Gabriel.
Speaker B: E-L-G-L.
Speaker B: Okay, and your-
Speaker D: I am Ryser, R-E-I-D-B-L-S-A.
Speaker B: R-E-I-S-A-N. Double S-A.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: Thanks.
Speaker B: Oh, gosh.
Speaker B: It's just a bit nicer calling people by their names, I think.
Speaker B: Okay, right, welcome to meeting B.
Speaker B: This is going to go a lot better than the last meeting, basically.
Speaker B: Because I know what I'm supposed to be doing now.
Speaker B: I am your project manager.
Speaker B: And, yeah, I'm just here to, you know, sort of liaise between the three of you and get things going, get people talking, and I'm going to be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff, basically.
Speaker B: Right, this, for the purposes of this meeting, what this meeting is all about is I'm going to have some presentations from all three of you what you've been working on for the last wee while when you haven't been getting hit with spam on your computers and, you know, filling out silly questionnaires and things.
Speaker B: But hopefully you've been actually been doing something productive, so we're going to, each of you are going to give us a little presentation.
Speaker B: Then we're going to work, you know, from each of your presentations, we'll talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all.
Speaker B: And then we'll, yeah, we'll do a sort of concluding, anything else comes up at the end of it.
Speaker B: How long is the meeting?
Speaker B: This meeting, it's not very long, it's probably down to about 35 minutes now.
Speaker B: So I want each of your presentations to not be too long, five minutes, something like that.
Speaker B: If you haven't done a PowerPoint thing, it doesn't matter, it's just says that you, that's just one particular medium.
Speaker B: If you haven't had time to prepare one, you can draw stuff on the note board, you can talk to us, you can, you know, however you want to do your presentation, basically, you can don't feel pressurized into using this thing, because I don't.
Speaker B: Okay, so, you're okay over there?
Speaker B: I'm fine, yeah. Are you joining in with this meeting?
Speaker B: I'm going to do your first presentation.
Speaker B: You're just doing some internet shopping there.
Speaker B: No, no, no, no, I'm done.
Speaker B: Okay, jolly good.
Speaker B: All right, let's have, well, we all know that it's a remote control that we're going to be dealing with.
Speaker B: I think the first thing we should look at is probably the, what it is that it's actually supposed to be, so that's going to be UCath, right?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We're going to hear from you first.
Speaker C: Okay, just going to do this.
Speaker B: You've done that to worry about screwing it in just.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker C: Cool.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I've got a very quick.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So the working design, I've got a very quick presentation on this.
Speaker C: So, I've, oh no, you can't see a thing.
Speaker C: Oh, well, I'm going to join on the board then.
Speaker C: It's in blue and I couldn't change it.
Speaker C: It's fine on my screen, but nevermind.
Speaker C: So, the idea is that we've got the energy source, which in our case, oh, well, okay.
Speaker C: Nevermind.
Speaker C: So, I think maybe two batteries.
Speaker C: I don't know what they call a lot six or something like that.
Speaker C: And then, then on the remote control itself will have the sender for the signal, which could be an infrared signal.
Speaker C: Which will be sent by an electronic chip.
Speaker C: And the chip will be controlled by the user interface.
Speaker C: So, we'll hear about that later from Gabriel.
Speaker C: And the sender will send to the tele itself an infrared signal to tell it to switch on or switch channels.
Speaker C: And that's it really for the working design.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker C: Sorry, the presentation wasn't very okay.
Speaker B: I prefer to put up further here than touch personally.
Speaker C: Should I erase this?
Speaker C: Do you want to just give us a moment?
Speaker B: I just want to copy this down.
Speaker B: I don't know if you guys have got any questions for Catherine on any of this.
Speaker C: Suggestions.
Speaker D: Is a battery like the only way of?
Speaker C: Well, it's just you don't want it plugged in really.
Speaker A: Yeah, alternate energy source like wind power.
Speaker C: No, it's not.
Speaker C: You blow on it.
Speaker D: No, because like, charge is always changing.
Speaker D: Batteries can get like annoying the battery down and maybe.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker C: I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's worked for the last 50 years.
Speaker A: One question I have and I don't know how much control we have over this is as far as the infrared signal.
Speaker A: Do we have control over how far away you can be from the receiving unit that the TV and still have it be operational?
Speaker A: Maybe we want one with a strong signal straight.
Speaker B: How far away is your television?
Speaker B: It's never going to be more than it's never going to be.
Speaker B: Unless you've got a TV the size of a football pitch.
Speaker B: It's not doesn't have to go that far, does it?
Speaker B: Doesn't have to go through a wall because you're not going to be looking through a wall.
Speaker D: Yeah, but if like you're on the phone in the other room and you tell the television office and think you really want to go into the telephone down the garden.
Speaker C: But we can make the signal strong enough to go through walls if she finds it.
Speaker C: I do not think about that.
Speaker D: How about blue tea?
Speaker D: Instead of using infrared.
Speaker D: Why not?
Speaker C: I just think that it's going to cost more.
Speaker B: Yeah, it sounds like we don't want to overcomplicate things.
Speaker C: It's a fancy idea. It's quite nice.
Speaker C: But then I don't know.
Speaker C: Either if you want to watch the teller you're in the room, you're going to...
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Basically we're designing and marketing television remote control unit.
Speaker B: We're not designing something that you can plug in a headset to and connect to your laptop computer and stuff.
Speaker C: We can keep the idea.
Speaker C: We can see the later stage maybe.
Speaker B: Okay.
None: Well done.
None: Go for real.
None: Let's hear from you on...
Speaker B: Do you need the board or six?
Speaker B: I'm just going to use the power case.
Speaker A: Technical struggles.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So while this is warming up, there it is.
Speaker A: So I'm doing the user interface design.
Speaker A: And basically, as far as methods, I was looking at...
Speaker A: Looking at already existing remotes, trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there.
Speaker A: Thinking of what we can retain, what we can do away with, what we can perfect a little bit as far as design.
Speaker A: We don't want to do something that's too radical of a change, I guess.
Speaker A: People want a remote that's familiar, that has their favorite functionalities and does the basics.
Speaker A: So we can improve what's out there and maintain the basic functionality that we want.
Speaker A: So things that seem like absolute must-haves would be volume control to up-down keys for that.
Speaker A: Channel keys up-down, but then also numerical keypad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want rather than doing up-down.
Speaker A: And a mute button.
Speaker A: One thing that I didn't include here that I forgot that we talked about last time was doing some sort of block function.
Speaker A: Okay. I don't know. That's one possibility.
Speaker A: And so in the research that I was doing, there's basically two types of remotes, one that are engineering-centered and one that are more user-centered.
Speaker A: Actually, I don't know if I can access the web page from here.
Speaker A: I can show you.
Speaker A: So this is an engineer-centered one. See, it's rather busy, but it also lets you play your movie, stop your movie, fast forward, all this.
Speaker A: It's a breeze frame, and this is a user-centered one.
Speaker A: It's easier to just glance at this and see what's possible to do. You're not going to be staring at it for five minutes.
Speaker A: All right. Judging from what we all talked about during our last meeting, I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after, or the direction that we were going in at least.
Speaker A: So the engineering-centered ones provide a lot of functionality, but it can be a little bit overwhelming.
Speaker A: So the user-centered ones just focus on ease of use.
Speaker A: And it sort of overlaps with the marketing person, Lisa, because we need to find out what people want before we make the same assignments.
Speaker A: I think we're all good.
Speaker A: So, yeah, that's me.
Speaker B: Great. Okay.
Speaker B: Now, I just have a question for you.
Speaker B: This research that you've been doing, looking at other existing units and stuff.
Speaker B: Have you found that anyone else just looked into the locking?
Speaker A: That seemed like a novel idea as far as I know.
Speaker A: I mean, obviously another that exists, like you said, in mobile phones.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I've never seen that in all my years in business.
Speaker A: Do you guys have a yay or a yay on that feeling about whether that's really necessary?
Speaker B: I would say if it's simple to do, which I think it probably should be, even if it's a physical, you know, like a physical switch or a physical cover for the remote, even something like that.
Speaker B: Then, yeah, it's like, you know, like you said earlier on a flip thing, something like that, but you know, being physical.
Speaker B: Look into.
Speaker B: I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centered at.
Speaker B: Well, something we should take into account is we've got to keep the corporate image within this remote control unit.
Speaker B: It's got to look like it's in the R&R.
Speaker B: You know, the company is it's from what I can see from our other products, a yellow with blue writing on them.
Speaker A: And our motto is we put the fashion in electronics.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker A: I think we have to carry that mental.
Speaker B: So it's kind of got to look, it's got to look new and, you know, something fashionable if remote control.
Speaker B: Well, if telephones can be fashionable, then maybe remote control units can be.
Speaker A: Yeah, these I think we can.
Speaker A: So we talked about the layout in my presentation, or why I didn't mention it really is just the sort of like the ergonomic.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we can make big improvements over these two that you see here.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Everything is going to ergonomic.
Speaker A: You know, there's, you know, nice for your computers that are very ergonomic and keyboards and that could be one of our niches sort of in the market, I guess.
Speaker A: Okay, fantastic.
Speaker B: Well done Gabrielle.
Speaker B: Lisa.
Speaker B: Let's plug you in, baby.
Speaker B: Here.
Speaker B: The blue thing.
Speaker D: All right, Alice is getting a little tangled.
Speaker A: I guess that's the answer.
Speaker A: Is that in?
Speaker A: Yeah, then you just have to do function, effort, and it should come up.
Speaker D: Well, function, effort.
Speaker D: Yeah, it is.
Speaker B: It's really well.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, from our marketing report, we observed remote control users in the usability lab.
Speaker D: And also gave, so this is research, and we also gave participants questionnaires to fill out.
Speaker D: Total number of people tested were 100, so, you know, so that 100 people were tested.
Speaker D: And these were the findings.
Speaker D: So 75% of users find the remote control ugly.
Speaker D: Okay, so they don't like the look of the remote control.
Speaker D: 80% of them would spend more money if the remote control looked really cool and fancy.
Speaker D: I think we all agree with that.
Speaker D: Current remote controls do not match well with the operating behavior of the user.
Speaker D: So they don't like the way they operate.
Speaker D: It doesn't match how people behave.
Speaker D: And 30% of the users say that they only 10% of the buttons on the remote.
Speaker D: So probably if you have like one, two, three, four, five, the whole up to 10, they probably don't use those.
Speaker B: They only use up and down channels.
Speaker D: Because we've only got five channels.
Speaker D: That's another thing.
Speaker D: 75% of users say they zap.
Speaker B: Not quite sure what they mean, zap.
Speaker B: So you want to navigate the channels quickly?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote, I think, especially for the older generation.
Speaker D: I know my grandmother doesn't like mobile phones.
Speaker D: It takes ages to work out.
Speaker D: Anyway, and they also get lost in the room.
Speaker D: So I know we can find them.
Speaker D: So maybe tracking devices is a good idea.
Speaker D: Personal.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker B: You are a child of technology, aren't you?
Speaker D: So yeah.
Speaker D: I was thinking something easy to use, especially for older people.
Speaker D: That's to look really cool, flash and groovy people to buy it.
Speaker D: And it's easy to find.
Speaker D: So I don't know whether maybe.
Speaker D: And also we asked them whether they wanted, whether they'd be interested in voice activating.
Speaker D: So voice activation.
Speaker D: So, and this was what we came up with.
Speaker D: And if you look 15 to 25, this is age.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: It's out of the way.
Speaker D: Age groups.
Speaker D: So 15 to 25 said like 92, 91% of them.
Speaker D: So basically the majority, except for the 45.
Speaker D: 55 year olds for some reason didn't want a voice activated one.
Speaker D: And neither did the older generation, but the younger generation, who we are catering for, like who have lost the money nowadays, do want a voice like speech recognition.
Speaker B: But do the younger generation have the money?
Speaker B: No, I would absolutely not.
Speaker B: They don't.
Speaker B: It's older generation of the ones that have gone out.
Speaker D: Well, the 25 to 35 year olds, 35 and the 35 to 45, 45.
Speaker D: 45.7%.
Speaker B: People from the age of 30, there's a big drop off there.
Speaker B: For people up to the age of 35, they're kind of saying, yeah, they want it.
Speaker B: But no, they're not the sort of, most people that have the money, people from the age of 35 to 55.
Speaker B: Yeah, that would be my guess.
Speaker B: Because they're the ones that have been working for 20 years.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker B: And that's quite a minority there.
Speaker B: So yeah, it's not even like 50, 50.
Speaker B: That's 35%.
Speaker D: These guys are growing up.
Speaker A: What about just from the perspective of our manufacturing cost?
Speaker A: I mean, if it's 1250 per unit.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, okay, there's voice activation might not be the best.
Speaker B: I would say scrap that straight off.
Speaker D: Also with buttons, I think called RSI.
Speaker D: So, repetitive strain injury.
Speaker D: Yeah, repetitive strain injury.
Speaker D: I think people who watch TV maybe too often keep changing the channel and hurt their wrist.
Speaker B: So, that's something we should have a look into.
Speaker B: When designing the ergonomics to see, have a look if there's any medical background we can find out about this.
Speaker C: But then it could be just touching.
Speaker B: We just want to need to cover our asses so that people aren't going to sue us in 10 years time.
Speaker B: So, your remote control gave me repetitive strain injury.
Speaker A: We should probably consult with our legal department.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: They're having an lunch break at the moment.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We'll see if I can get elders for next meeting.
Speaker A: I think we can do some really in that department, the ergonomic department.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: It makes some really good improvements.
Speaker D: Maybe the buttons not so high up so you don't have to press so much really just like flat buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: So, that is me.
Speaker B: That's great.
Speaker B: Thank you very much for that, Risa.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, we've basically.
Speaker B: We've decided that it's going to, you know, we're going for basic television remote.
Speaker B: It's got to be safe to use.
Speaker B: It's got to look cool.
Speaker B: It's got to be cheap.
Speaker B: Now, going back to the industrial design event, you know, we're looking at whether to use the technology.
Speaker B: We're looking at whether to use maybe infrared or Bluetooth.
Speaker B: I think we should just go with the simplest option on everything.
Speaker B: And that would be infrared energy source and batteries.
Speaker B: When we can look into using the, you know, the little tiny, we need batteries or special long lasting batteries.
Speaker B: But in this note, I don't think there's any point in making a remote control unit that's going to last for 50 years because technology would have changed and, you know, we won't have televisions in 10 years time.
Speaker B: So, I think we're all pretty sussed on that.
Speaker B: Anyone have any questions?
Speaker B: Everybody happy in their work?
Speaker A: It seems like we're all pretty much on the same page.
Speaker B: Now we're pretty now.
Speaker B: This is good.
Speaker B: We've got a good structure going on.
Speaker B: We all know where we're going to.
Speaker B: Have you been, have any of you not been getting loads of crap spam on your computers?
Speaker A: It's probably just you because you're the project manager.
Speaker D: Just question.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, just stuff.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Oh, did you guys find out if we can email stuff to each other?
Speaker B: Yeah, you can.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: You all know my email address.
Speaker B: No, I don't.
Speaker C: In this project announcement, you've got the addresses, I think.
Speaker C: So project manager, it's a one at a.
Speaker B: Can you all email me your email addresses?
Speaker A: You have the message.
Speaker A: You have them.
Speaker B: But we'll send you an email.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Sorry, we headed towards a big yellow and black remote as far as maybe that's our next meeting.
Speaker B: Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue?
Speaker A: I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background, but I might be just kind of like white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe that's getting ahead of ourselves.
Speaker B: I think I'm up with a few with a couple of different ideas.
Speaker D: Can we have different colors and all of us are somebody can choose different colors?
Speaker B: Well, see, the thing is, is we've got to keep the company image.
Speaker B: It's got to say people have got to look at this remote control and instantly recognize that it's a real reaction.
Speaker D: But if it's R, R, it would be real reaction.
Speaker B: Like if that's a lot of companies that called R.
Speaker B: They just slow, but this is the slogan. This is the, the, the, the, the.
Speaker A: In a something that came on down from, from the higher.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, we're sort of beholden to them.
Speaker D: So we have to have it one color.
Speaker D: Well, not necessarily.
Speaker A: Not one color, but we have to incorporate it.
Speaker B: Not necessarily even.
Speaker B: It's just has to, you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products.
Speaker B: As opposed to a Sony product or, you know, a Panasonic product.
Speaker B: It's got to.
Speaker B: So maybe so you can have a look at our other products and see if they all follow us.
Speaker B: Similar vein.
Speaker B: Perhaps.
Speaker C: But it could come in different colors and have the R, R colors just somewhere.
Speaker C: Like just around the lock button could be the R logo or colors.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, this is all your department.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well done, everybody.
Speaker B: And I think we stop for lunch now.
Speaker D: Are we finished ahead of schedule?
Speaker B: We might possibly have done.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker A: See you soon.
Speaker B: If we've finished five minutes before the meeting is supposed to finish then that means we get an extra five minutes for lunch.
None: Yeah.
None: There you go.
None: All right.
Speaker D: I just have to do a few little bits pieces.
None: I have to write down, but.
None: Take your head sets off.
Speaker B: Kick back.
Speaker B: Smoke them.
None: If you got a little bit of a kickback smoke them.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: There you go.
None: All right.
Speaker B: I just have to do a few little bits pieces.
Speaker B: Smoke them.
Speaker B: If you got them.
Speaker B: All right.
