Speaker B: The What's the name of the comment, or?
None: Just on the lines.
None: Okay, spin.
None: o that is a kil 10 earning rating.
None: Esqu locations like this.
Speaker B: HERO can now start the waiting time.
Speaker D: So okay.
Speaker E: I don't know
Speaker D: Can use
Speaker F: Is that it right? Nice and normal
None: Okay Okay I can just come here, it's fiddly.
None: What do we start?
None: Does anybody know?
Speaker B: Oh, another one.
Speaker F: So that's this.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
None: Right.
Speaker C: Are we free to take notes?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I don't mean to say so.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Just hang on a second, everybody.
Speaker C: I haven't actually looked at this yet.
Speaker C: I haven't looked at it, but let's just start it off.
Speaker C: If you're ready.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: It was the agenda.
Speaker C: Opening acquaintance, tool training, project plan discussion, and then closing.
Speaker C: Project A is a new remote control.
Speaker C: It's original, trendy, and it's user friendly.
Speaker C: Project method, functional design, individual work, and then a meeting, conceptual design, individual work, and a meeting, details design, individual work, and a meeting.
Speaker B: Tool training, try out the whiteboard.
Speaker C: Every participant should draw their favorite animal and sum up their favorite characteristics of that animal.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Miss industrial designer, would you like to go first?
Speaker D: So are we supposed to bring the little things for these?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think just, do you have a belt?
Speaker C: Clip them back to you.
Speaker D: Oh, put them in your pocket.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So my favorite animal.
Speaker C: Yeah, what's your favorite animal?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: Ah.
Speaker F: Is it rude?
Speaker C: That's a very good elephant.
Speaker C: Back into the elephant.
Speaker F: Oh my gosh.
Speaker F: I've never got a deal to draw that well.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And you want to write up on there, so you've got to sum up your favorite characteristics of that animal.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: It's big.
Speaker E: It's got a great memory.
Speaker E: Is it?
Speaker E: Oh.
Speaker E: It's supposed to have a great memory.
Speaker E: You say an elephant never forgets.
Speaker E: And I don't know why, but it looks like nice to me.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Wonderful.
Speaker C: Well done.
Speaker C: Do you want to use the wiper and wipe it off?
Speaker C: This is the aesthetics designer.
Speaker C: You want to go next?
Speaker F: I do want my favorite animal.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: My favorite animal.
Speaker D: Let's see.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker A: Enough of any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before.
Speaker A: It's a lager.
Speaker A: What?
Speaker A: A combination of a lion and tiger.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker A: You're not seen Napoleon Dynamite.
Speaker A: No, it's a hilarious memory.
Speaker A: You have to see it.
Speaker A: And it's best characteristic is, and it's pretty much the awesomest animal.
Speaker A: But you have to see the movie and fully appreciate it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Well done.
Speaker F: Great.
None: Me?
Speaker F: Yep.
Speaker C: Miss Marfishing.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker F: I'll show you how this is going to work.
None: Cool.
Speaker F: Well, I'll try my best to draw.
Speaker F: Can I just draw the face?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think you can just draw the face, but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks.
Speaker C: Ooh.
Speaker C: It's a cat.
Speaker F: That's a baby.
Speaker C: It also has a big fat body and a long tail.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Do you want to do some?
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker F: Why?
Speaker F: Because cuddly and usually cats are very friendly usually.
Speaker F: And the healing well, the heal, and they can feel when a human's problem.
Speaker C: They're kind of spiritual.
Speaker F: So that's why I like cats.
Speaker C: Well done.
Speaker F: There we are.
None: It's me.
Speaker B: Do, do, do, do.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I don't actually have a favorite animal, but for the, for the, for the thing else, draw a little.
Speaker B: I honestly can't draw for toffee.
Speaker C: In fact, no.
Speaker C: This is a prairie, Dad.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: That's exactly what it is.
Speaker C: Not a very good one.
Speaker E: Not bad, I would say.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: What do you got?
Speaker B: It's a squirrel.
Speaker B: And I like them because they're cute.
Speaker B: And stupid.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I guess that was the test to see if this equipment was all working.
Speaker C: Let's move on to the next page.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker C: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker C: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker C: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker A: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker A: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm going to go to the next page.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker D: Who's got experiences with remote controls then?
Speaker D: Pretty much everybody.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: It's TV remote control.
Speaker F: It's TV.
Speaker F: What would I like?
Speaker C: What?
None: Big.
Speaker C: Do you want it small?
Speaker C: Medium.
Speaker C: Are we going for like telephones or tiny things or we're going for something that's big?
Speaker A: It seems like there's sort of a tension between two ideas.
Speaker A: You want one remote that maybe can work all of the functions of TV and if you have whatever associated with the TV, the DVD players.
Speaker A: Did you know that?
Speaker A: At the same time you don't want a really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something.
Speaker C: Maybe you, yeah.
Speaker C: Now that's the other thing is just going to be cheap.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because I mean I was thinking something that's got different, like maybe an LCD display on it that's got different patterns.
Speaker C: It's got different pages for different devices.
Speaker C: But that would probably be quite expensive.
Speaker D: But how do we know how much, I mean, how much do we have per...
Speaker D: How much?
Speaker C: It can't be more than 1250 per unit.
Speaker C: Per unit, yeah.
Speaker E: Cast.
Speaker E: So do we have to be realistic within the budget for it?
Speaker C: Well at the moment, we could, I mean, because we, this is what we're doing at the moment is just saying what we'd like.
Speaker C: And then after we, after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these, any of these ideas are feasible or not.
Speaker C: So it would be nice to have something that controls lots of different things.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: Don't we have like one that comes out?
Speaker F: Like, so you have one in like, it doesn't have to be really thick.
Speaker F: I mean, rock controls can be thin bits. And then you have one for your DVD and you sort of slide it out.
Speaker F: You have another one you slide it out.
Speaker F: So it slides and then it all comes compact.
Speaker F: Okay, that's a light.
Speaker F: Into one. So it's not, you're actually just putting three or four different remotes together, but making them thinner and into one.
Speaker F: That's an idea.
Speaker F: So you just flip them out.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, have one very complicated one on one side with all the DVD and BCR, access and stuff.
Speaker E: And then on the other side, one, a remote control, that would be very, very simple with just the channel program plus and minus and then just the mute button, for example, I can really keep it really, really simple on one side and the other side be very complicated.
Speaker C: One side to kids, one side for adults.
Speaker E: I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two-sided remote because it would be very hard to use in the way that you would slide it into something on the back, you wouldn't be able to press the buttons.
Speaker C: Like a flip telephone, something like that, maybe flip it up and then you've got all the buttons or you flip it closed and you just got their basic buttons on the outside maybe.
Speaker C: Oh, we've got five minutes left.
Speaker D: Start breaking up.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, we've got a few ideas there.
Speaker A: Yeah, we should.
Speaker A: I guess by the end of this meeting, we should have at least a rough conceptual, stage one was technical functions design.
Speaker A: What effect the apparatus should have.
Speaker A: So we still have time in our next meeting to come up with actual concept for the user interface, but the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the TV, but also devices connected to the TV and be able to operate.
Speaker C: I think we should also have a backup plan of, because I just think that it might be expensive to make something that we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything.
Speaker C: We should have a backup plan of just a really good television remote control that is just for a TV, but it's just a really good, nice one.
Speaker C: What do you reckon?
Speaker C: Yeah, because I'm just thinking, bear in mind, we have to have something that's cheap to make.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker A: Maybe we should just concentrate on having a TV remote and have it be.
Speaker C: I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker.
Speaker A: Have it be like ergonomic.
Speaker A: It's comfortable to use, simple to use, and looks decent.
Speaker F: What will make it interesting for people to buy, though?
Speaker C: Or maybe even something that's for disabled people or people that don't see very well or big buttons for touchy buttons for a market to a certain kind of people.
Speaker A: Oh, just one that looks really fucking cool.
Speaker E: Can you really light or something special?
Speaker A: Yeah, rather than focus on.
Speaker C: Otherwise, we'll be here all day talking about how to do this and do that.
Speaker C: I think we should...
Speaker E: At the end of the day, if it says just TV remote, it doesn't say a combination at all.
Speaker C: Obviously, everyone sounds like we're all a bit gadget heads, and we like things that do everything at once, but...
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker F: I think a flip up thing, because you always have this problem of if it's on the...
Speaker F: Well, I didn't anyway.
Speaker F: We had five or six remotes, and they'd be lying on the couch, and you'd come and sit down and...
Speaker F: Ooh, the television switch on or something.
Speaker F: Maybe something that does have a lid or closes, so you don't accidentally press a button or...
Speaker C: Okay, like a lot of fun.
Speaker C: Like a lot of funks on it like you have when you tell a phone.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: But make it like really snazzy and cool with people who want it, so make it...
Speaker C: Yeah, it's gotta be sellable.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker A: You were saying it doesn't have to have a flip function.
Speaker A: It can just have a lot of functions, so that it's not usable when you don't want it to be using it.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: And even for kids as well, it's safer for them, I guess.
Speaker F: Like, they don't flick onto channels and not allow to flick onto.
Speaker C: No porn channel for children.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: All right, so we've got some ideas.
Speaker C: Anything else that's moving on?
Speaker C: Good for them.
Speaker B: Oh, just close that.
Speaker B: What does ID, VID and M-E stand for?
Speaker C: Industrial designer.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Which is...
Speaker F: Oh, these are kind of specific.
Speaker F: And I'm marketing.
Speaker B: Yeah, there you go.
Speaker C: So, let's...
Speaker C: User interface designer.
Speaker C: That's...
Speaker C: That's me.
Speaker C: That's...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: That's you, so you've got to...
Speaker C: There you go.
Speaker C: You're gonna be the one that's working out what buttons we need.
Speaker C: Industrial designer, you're the one that you're gonna be working out.
Speaker C: Kind of box it goes in, I guess.
Speaker C: Or...
Speaker C: Whether it's...
None: I...
Speaker C: What goes into the box somehow.
Speaker D: How it works.
Speaker D: I'm marketing.
Speaker C: User interface.
Speaker F: User interface.
Speaker F: User interface.
Speaker F: User interface.
Speaker F: So what the user requires.
Speaker A: Yeah, what...
Speaker A: Right, okay, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, it does seem like a responsibility.
Speaker C: You two are gonna...
Speaker C: I think you just dub up, you know, working together.
Speaker C: You're the one that's gonna go and find out, do the research.
Speaker C: See what people want in a remote.
Speaker C: What buttons are used more often and stuff like that.
Speaker C: Oh, we've been warned to finish the meeting now.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay, everyone, well done.
Speaker C: Good meeting.
Speaker A: Alright, see you in 30 minutes.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: So, do you take these off?
Speaker F: I don't...
