Speaker B: This is some great facial expressions, Matthew.
Speaker B: Remember it's not real.
None: Yeah, it's okay.
Speaker B: You're going to be the first one on PowerPoint.
Speaker B: I'll just like hook you up with that.
Speaker B: Am I starting now?
Speaker B: Welcome back to the second meeting.
Speaker B: I hope you had a productive last 30 minutes.
Speaker B: I'll be taking minutes on this one and being hooked up to the PowerPoint for this meeting isn't very necessary for myself because it'll be more about what you guys are bringing to the meeting today.
Speaker B: The first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation.
Speaker B: So, take it away Poppy.
Speaker A: It's plugged in.
Speaker B: Sorry about this guy.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I'll take this time just to apologize.
Speaker A: I'm only seeing my emails later on because I was too busy carrying away doing my own thing, which is not obviously not a very good part of a team working thing, but there we go from Shurds.
Speaker A: I was looking at how we're going to go about the working design and what we actually need to do and what the remote control needs to do.
Speaker A: It needs to allow a person to have a portable device so they can control the television from wherever they are.
Speaker A: They don't need to actually manually touch the television set.
Speaker A: So it gives them much more flexibility and allows them to view where they want to be.
Speaker A: From on the functional side of things, we found out from a previous meeting what we decided at certain points will make our project unique.
Speaker A: One is the visibility in the dark, which was Genevieve's idea.
Speaker A: So we need to think about how we could bring this in technically and we could use illuminated buttons, which we're all familiar with when we're using a mobile phone or something familiar.
Speaker A: It also massively lights up at first touch.
Speaker A: Or we could use fluorescent materials, which would just take in the light during the day and then as soon as they go off they would glow in the dark.
Speaker A: Also we could use an alarm.
Speaker A: So if we lost the remote control, perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself which you could press.
Speaker A: And then an alarm from the handset would sound where it was hopefully in the room.
Speaker A: Maybe behind a cushion or somewhere.
Speaker A: That would work.
Speaker A: Go back there.
Speaker A: Another thing I think we missed out on on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design.
Speaker A: From previous researchers that have carried out another project.
Speaker A: We've learned about smart materials where specific alloys of metals have a shape memory so they can be heated and cooled and they change the shape of the metal.
Speaker A: So for example a screw that's holding something together could expand and it would force all the components apart.
Speaker A: So the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life if it was heated everything would spring apart.
Speaker A: All the individual components could be easily separated and then some could be reused, some could be recycled and I think that would be very important for products now.
Speaker A: Especially because there's so much responsibility for all the companies who are coming up with new designs because we all know that our results have been limited and they have to be very environmentally conscious.
Speaker B: One question.
Speaker B: This self destructible metal it allows for recycling materials so that someone could have this product for as long as they felt that they wanted it and then once they contributed then that company can break down the parts better.
Speaker A: Yeah they would you would make the product as you normally would apart from the bits that hold it all together would be made out of the shape memory alloy and that's the part that would allow all the other parts to be separated at the end.
Speaker A: I mean the user would return the product to the company because it's a product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made and then the company could then make use of this shape memory alloys to split up the components and then either reuse some bits and add bits which are obviously going to wear out with time or not useable they might be able to put into scrap metal or something like the case if it scratched or something you wouldn't want to reuse it but you might be able to melt it down and use it again somewhere else.
Speaker B: Would we be the company that would break down these metals or would we...
Speaker A: We could probably employ a side company or something to do that for us but it would be our responsibility to get that done and to dispose of the products that we made for certain percentage at least.
Speaker A: No, not 100% of anything we could do.
Speaker B: This sounds like a really great idea.
Speaker B: One thing we have to consider is our 100% turnover goal that we have for our financial sector so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us, cost the company because it sounds very labor intensive we have to hire a number of people and it might be more expensive.
Speaker A: Well the fact of the shape memory alloys is that they don't need to be manually constructed like you don't have to individually unscrew all the screws because of this property, the smart material all you need is just the heat so they self-destruct themselves.
Speaker A: All right, let's have to investigate the financial implications.
Speaker B: I like the environmental approach.
Speaker B: We'll have to see if that can meet our financial goals as well.
Speaker A: Also, there's some components that will be how it will actually work but I haven't put this plan together yet.
Speaker A: I'm sorry, can you, sorry should I go back?
Speaker A: This would actually show the circuit diagram although I haven't come back to the final circuit yet.
Speaker A: Okay, so I just don't would put all those components in.
Speaker B: So those are what will construct the remote?
Speaker A: Yeah, it just shows what sort of energy source it could be, a battery, like rechargeable probably.
Speaker A: So how the infrared will actually be sent to the city by the chip on television site.
Speaker A: All right, great, okay.
Speaker A: So now is it F8 again?
Speaker A: Okay, all right, thank you very much.
Speaker B: And the next presenter will be Tara.
Speaker C: Is it F8?
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: I'm the user interface designer.
Speaker C: The technical functions design of the apparatus is the effect the apparatus you have.
Speaker C: In this case, it's the function of remote control, which is just a message to the television site.
Speaker C: By taking inspiration from other similar designs, you'll try and come up with an original trend of remote control, which is the elbow international.
Speaker C: There are two functional design options, a multifunctional remote control, which can be used for several entertainment devices, and a single function remote control used specifically for the television.
Speaker C: So it was a lot of multifunctional and site.
Speaker C: I think the function just the television, which is well.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker C: Multifunction controls can be difficult to use as the notes and buttons can be confusing.
Speaker C: A single function remote control is simpler to use, but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices.
Speaker C: I think that a single function remote control would be preferable because it's easier to use.
Speaker C: It'd be more compatible with the range of television sets, making it more internationally available.
Speaker C: It would make an original design more attainable as the less functional necessities to include a new design, and it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic and less functions would have to be included.
Speaker C: So it would be cheaper to make.
Speaker C: I'm probably more scalable just because it's more compatible with a wider range of devices.
Speaker C: Does anyone have any questions?
Speaker D: So as far as we know, a single function television remote control is usable internationally.
Speaker C: Well, it's just that when we're creating it, we have to make it compatible with different brands, devices.
Speaker C: And it would be easier to make it compatible with different brands, different devices rather than all you can do is use it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: Does everyone agree with this? Does anyone object and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go?
Speaker A: I was just thinking about what Jenna said before about having some hidden controls, having the outer casing.
Speaker A: What you said before about being a profitable simplistic design, if having that would complicate it a lot more.
Speaker A: The limit of design.
Speaker D: I think I agree with the single design thing now because we're trying to do so much that if we're trying to make a unique user friendly, that's also multifunctional.
Speaker D: We're going to go over budget.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And with this, we'll have more women in the budget probably to make a more legitimate design.
Speaker C: We'll have more money to go on to the design side of it.
Speaker B: Sounds great. All right. Well, are you ready for your presentation?
Speaker D: Jenna? Yes, I am.
Speaker B: Badness.
Speaker B: Except you're not hooked up to the.
Speaker D: Completely ready.
Speaker C: Great.
Speaker D: Oh, I just lost my microphone.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: Okay, so I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control.
Speaker D: And I'll give you a little briefing of what that means exactly.
Speaker D: I feel remember from the email we got before our very first kickoff meeting with the coffee machine.
Speaker D: The functional requirements of that was to produce hot coffee quickly.
Speaker D: So what I'll be talking about now is the equivalent for remote control.
Speaker D: So basically what needs and desires her to be fulfilled.
Speaker D: I've done some marketing research, a lot of interviews with remote control users and some internet research.
Speaker D: I'll show you my findings.
Speaker D: Oh, and firstly, I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose.
Speaker D: So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products.
Speaker D: Hence our motto, we put the fashion and electronics.
Speaker D: So I think that should be our priority here.
Speaker D: And we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design, not just in electronic fashion so that it's something that fits in the household.
Speaker B: I'm sorry.
Speaker B: What was that last thing that you just said?
Speaker D: We should be looking towards trends in both clothing and interior design.
Speaker D: Any trends that are going on in the public, even media, you know, who's famous, what TV shows are being watched to influence our remote control.
Speaker D: Okay, so the findings.
Speaker D: 75% of users of remote controls find them ugly, which is quite a significant number.
Speaker D: The other 25% didn't specify if they love them or found them, you know, neutral.
Speaker D: 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy.
Speaker D: Current remote controls do not match well the operating behavior of the user.
Speaker B: I'm sorry, the 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy, you mean that they would spend more money on a fancy looking remote control?
Speaker D: They're willing to spend money on a remote control with personality, as opposed to your basic, you know, oval, black, all same size button remote control.
Speaker D: So it is something that people care about.
Speaker D: It's not ignored in the household.
Speaker D: 75% of remote control users said that they zap a lot, zapping meaning they go through channels a lot, you know, thumbmasters.
Speaker D: And 50% of users say they only use 10% of the buttons.
Speaker D: That very small amount.
Speaker D: That was interesting.
Speaker B: So it might be very appealing if we have very concise buttons.
Speaker B: And another thing with lots of surfing, we probably have to work on something that could be a lot more durable because I find with channel changes that a lot of the numbers get rubbed down if they're printed on the button.
Speaker D: And actually to go with that, I'm going to give you some statistics on the relevancy of each of the buttons, how much they're used, and how important the users find them.
Speaker D: So the power button, obviously in an hour, is only used once.
Speaker D: Hopefully the person is not turning on and off the TV.
Speaker D: But the relevance of that button is 9 out of 10.
Speaker D: So people want to be able to turn on the TV with the remote control, as opposed to signing up and turning on the television set.
Speaker D: Channel selection is used 168 times on average per hour. That's a huge amount. This is the most important button.
Speaker D: So obviously when commercials come on, they're changing it.
Speaker D: So as you said, we want a durable button that's not going to run down.
Speaker D: Relevance of that button, our users found, was 10 out of 10.
Speaker D: Ditto for volume selection, it's a 10 out of 10.
Speaker D: And it's used on average four times an hour.
Speaker D: Not as much as channel selection, but still significant.
Speaker D: Audio settings is used on average 0.8 times an hour.
Speaker D: And relevance is 2. Screen settings, which means brightness, color, et cetera.
Speaker D: 0.5 times an hour. And relevance of 1.5. We're getting to specific statistics here.
Speaker D: Teletext. Now I'm not too clear on what that is. I don't know if you can help me flipping pages.
Speaker C: It has TV, has like information has information on holidays, news, entertainment.
Speaker B: So like a running banner? No, it's a button that you press and then you, like a menu pops up.
Speaker C: I haven't used it before, but... And you have page numbers like for the menu and you press the page numbers with your remote change.
Speaker A: Okay. Very basic internet. Very basic internet.
Speaker C: Okay. But you know... Like tells you the weather and... Yeah, but you have no interaction back with it.
Speaker C: You know, like internet content emails. Yeah.
Speaker A: Right. You know, information that I'm like television time data is what's on now from that from every time.
Speaker D: Yeah. Alright. Well, I guess I'm not with it because I wasn't, but it's being used 14 times an hour.
Speaker D: And has a high relevance in 6.5. So it looks like something that we're going to want to do some research on and include on our remote control.
Speaker D: Channel settings. 0.01 times an hour. Relevance of three. Channel settings.
Speaker C: Probably just tuning in the channels.
Speaker C: Are you sorry, changing channels?
Speaker C: Chilling in the menu. Sorry, you know, getting YouTube is that you tuning in the channels.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah. Okay.
Speaker D: So it's not used very often, but people still find it relevant.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Biggest frustrations of the people that we interviewed, remote controls are often lost somewhere.
Speaker D: So that was already discussed by Poppy, how we can have an alarm system so that people can find it.
Speaker D: It takes too much time to learn how to use a remote control.
Speaker D: So it should be very user friendly, you know, people know what to do very quickly.
Speaker D: Remote controls are bad for RSI.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's rather sad.
Speaker D: Maybe our designers can look into that.
Speaker D: Buttons that don't require, you know, very firm pushing if they respond.
Speaker D: But we'll have to also avoid buttons responding to the slightest touch as well.
Speaker D: That's a problem.
Speaker D: Okay. Did you guys get that one down?
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker D: Okay. Here's some ideas for you.
Speaker D: A large percentage of the public would pay for voice recognition on the remote controls.
Speaker D: So I'll show you some numbers here.
Speaker D: So the youngest age group, 15 to 25, 91.2% said that they would pay extra money to have voice recognition included on the remote control.
Speaker D: You can see that number decreases a bit.
Speaker D: Interestingly enough, 25 to 35 is the lowest amount that we are willing to pay extra.
Speaker D: So I guess we're going to have to figure out what age group we're targeting and if voice recognition is something we want to look into.
Speaker D: And if we have the budget for it.
Speaker D: If we are targeting young adults, it looks like something that would pay off.
Speaker D: Seeing as 90% over 90% would pay for it.
Speaker B: I agree with if we're targeting young adults, then it would be something we should look into financially and functionally.
Speaker B: And especially if we are trying to be trendy, go with fashions, things like that.
Speaker B: And if we have a lot of people who are not interested in the same age as from 35 to 65, which show the lower numbers, probably won't be as concerned.
Speaker D: So that's a whole other field of research.
Speaker D: I don't know if you'd still have a remote or if you're talking to your television and saying change channel.
Speaker D: Depending on how many members you have in a household.
Speaker B: So it may be too complicated for us.
Speaker B: But it's something to keep in mind anyway.
Speaker B: And something that might further complicate it is that the TV makes noise itself.
Speaker A: And then we have the phone time.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so it's panning to me when you're watching television.
Speaker A: But yeah.
Speaker A: It's very difficult to get specific.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If we're looking for simplistic design, if we need to decide if that is our intention is a simplistic design.
Speaker B: Because if it is, then I think voice activated.
Speaker B: It looks like.
Speaker B: And that would sort of negate the whole remote control thing because if people can activate the television with their voice and they won't be using it.
Speaker B: They won't be talking into remote.
Speaker D: I'm sure.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And the last thing here was an LCD screen.
Speaker D: So I mean voice recognition might be a little too extreme for us.
Speaker D: Not practical.
Speaker D: An LCD screen though might be something that you know, you can shift through pages kind of the way this PowerPoint is working.
Speaker D: So that you don't have so many buttons to deal with.
Speaker B: I don't know what an LCD screen is.
Speaker D: Oh sorry.
Speaker D: Just a screen like a computer screen.
Speaker D: Or like a little bit.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Like an alarm clock.
Speaker D: You'd have an LCD versus just a.
Speaker A: I have no idea.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker D: Oh just like an electronic screen as opposed to just buttons.
Speaker D: There'd be like a little.
Speaker B: Oh, on the remote.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Like on the top of the cell phone.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: No, I don't know what exactly we put on there. I guess the channel that you're on volume setting.
Speaker C: Could it be good if it had the actual program that was on the what was next?
Speaker C: But that would probably be like LinkedIn.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: That would be good.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: That would be better.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Access that to you.
Speaker C: It might be quite expensive to do that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I guess that's something we can all take back to our respective research.
Speaker D: And finally, whoops.
Speaker D: My personal preferences and thoughts.
Speaker D: I think our priority really should be unique design.
Speaker D: We want something that people want in their home.
Speaker D: Every remote control looks the same.
Speaker D: So in my opinion, it should be user friendly and unique.
Speaker D: So the other stuff might be a little too gagedy for some people.
Speaker D: My self voice recognition kind of scares me off.
Speaker D: So if we're aiming to make this an international university universally accepted product.
Speaker D: And for all, the other thing is age market.
Speaker D: I mean, if we wanted to concentrate on 50 to 25 year olds, we could go with the fancy stuff.
Speaker D: But if we want to make 50 million and have everyone want this remote control, we should maybe stick to the basics.
Speaker C: I wish I could keep in mind that 15 to 25 year olds might not have 25 year olds to stand in a remote control.
Speaker C: Like their priorities might not be a fancy remote control, then they're just starting to like me.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: And we had to keep in mind the reliability of our research.
Speaker D: I mean, you know, a 16 year old boy would say, yeah, I'd pay a temporary second next to them.
Speaker D: And they realized that's three months allowance.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So I think the older generations, we should be catering to a bit more early 20s.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: And if one of the largest or most complained about thing is that it takes so long to get to know how to use remote control.
Speaker B: I'm sure that something like an LCD screen or remote control would be just furthering that problem.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: That's it for the market research.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Before we go into more discussion on we want this design to look like I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions.
Speaker B: For one thing, because having controls with DVD, VCR, that sort of thing would really complicate the design of the remote control.
Speaker B: We've decided not to include them and make it a specific, just a specific television function, which is good as as we've sort of decided that we would like to go with that anyway.
Speaker B: For many reasons.
Speaker B: So we have that decision sort of made for us.
Speaker B: Another thing that might affect other decisions is that the management feels that teletext is outdated because more people are using the internet now.
Speaker B: And so we won't concern ourselves with navigating the teletext option.
Speaker A: Can I just enter?
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: Maybe we can go on the PowerPoint?
Speaker A: Yeah, I do.
Speaker B: I'm looking at it right now.
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker D: Oh, come back, Spring.
Speaker A: With the management suggesting use of the internet rather than teletext or just avoiding both altogether.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, we don't have the resources or possibility of using the internet with the remote control, but they were just pretty much saying that the teletext would not be used.
Speaker B: Right. And another thing this is for the design, the design of the product is that we want to create more of a sense that people know that this is from our company.
Speaker B: So all the remote controls must have our will incorporate our logo and color in some way.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So perhaps our logo on the bottom or wherever you feel like it would look good.
Speaker B: It would have to be the color of our company.
Speaker B: But another thing is that we probably would have to have that color and logo decided upon.
Speaker B: I'm assuming that we already have one, but for the purposes of this meeting, I wasn't offered a type of logo or color.
Speaker B: So if that could be somewhere on the design, so we can be recognizable.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The little are our yellow thing.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Real reaction.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yes. Those are the changes.
Speaker B: So now we need to discuss.
Speaker B: And come to a decision on our remote control functions of how this is going to be.
Speaker B: I'm just going to look at my notes for a second.
Speaker B: We have to decide on a target group and the functions of the remote control.
Speaker B: So we already know that it'll just be for the television.
Speaker B: It won't have teletext, but we can discuss those other options that you brought up, Genevieve.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: So are we going to write off the LCD option?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that how most people feel about that?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: No teletext and no voice recognition.
Speaker C: I think it would be annoying.
Speaker C: I don't use teletext that much, but if it was on your team, you'd want to be able to use it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But another thing is that if we're reaching an international crowd, I know for one that in North America there is no such thing as teletext, so it would be really superfluous.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I don't know about other countries besides the UK.
Speaker B: Do you know if anywhere else?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: How's it?
Speaker A: I think it's more recent.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker A: It was a management decision that we have.
Speaker A: It was a management decision.
Speaker B: So it's pretty much out of our hands at this point.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So I guess we're looking at something rather simple.
Speaker D: Well, I guess just from my findings, it looks like we want to minimize buttons.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: And what was the word that you used?
Speaker D: Findability is important.
Speaker D: I don't know what it is.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had, because I'm sure that could be inexpensive because we could use the same kind of infrared.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: The same signal.
Speaker B: The same signal through that nica just like a little beeping noise.
Speaker B: It's not that expensive to do.
Speaker A: Just the same as a mobile phone.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: I like that idea.
Speaker C: I'm going to put the little device in here.
Speaker C: As an other not control for all two years.
Speaker A: If you're doing the link between the buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: The buttons are actually on.
Speaker B: So I know.
Speaker B: My computer there.
Speaker C: It's like an all-j
Speaker A: I'm not sure if I'm going to use the back of any set that would be not very obtrusive. Obviously something small.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Then it wouldn't it probably wouldn't be able to use it would be able to use the same reception on the remote control, I guess, but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signal.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Would it need a back to then?
Speaker B: Maybe.
None: Probably.
Speaker B: I mean, that's your department.
Speaker A: Sort that out.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Unless some way it could have some universal connection to like the socket, the same socket that the TV's supplied from.
Speaker A: I mean, the power for the TV.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: You have to invest that one.
Speaker B: Do some research on that.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And I'm sure that the glow in the dark fluorescent, whatever system.
Speaker B: It's a go ahead.
Speaker B: Does everyone interested in that?
Speaker C: I like the light up suggestion.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because you're like white.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It doesn't, it could be a tactile thing as well.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: If we're minimizing buttons, we might be able to make them actually larger and there's something on it.
Speaker D: Like a raised up arrow down arrow for volume.
Speaker D: And I don't know what we could do for channels.
Speaker C: Which is the numbers could be embossed.
Speaker C: Could be like raised.
Speaker C: The numbers themselves.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The 90s.
Speaker D: Like up button and down button for the channel.
Speaker D: Channel changing.
Speaker D: Just like a lot.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It just, it might be sucking more battery power if there, if it is a light up.
Speaker D: I'm not sure.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker A: And also, uh, having you mentioned before, um, like how it should be accessible to everybody.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And so like big, um, buttons made before people who are visually impaired, glow in the dark or light up, won't make any difference anyway.
Speaker A: So like you said, tactile might be better because it'd be more available to everybody.
Speaker B: Could we somehow, we could maybe possibly, sorry, incorporate them both so that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some sort of glow in the dark material.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I don't think that little dark material, um, like the actual soft plastic, um, costs that much more than other colors.
Speaker A: Not these days and it's quite.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I guess the other option referring to the battery thing is, you know how cell phones will light up for 15 seconds.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then it goes.
Speaker D: So if you're like changing the volume during a movie, I'm thinking of most of you watching a movie, turn all the lights off, right?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: You don't turn on the lights to turn it down because of suddenly an explosion.
Speaker D: It's going to wake up the baby.
Speaker D: So if you touch the button, it kind of reactivates it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's a self-tiler.
Speaker A: It's a self-tiler.
Speaker B: We have five minutes left, um, for the meeting, but I think we should discuss this light subject a little bit more before we close.
Speaker B: Um, what was, I missed the last moment reading that.
Speaker B: What were you talking about with the lighting up?
Speaker D: Oh, just if it was kind of the same way that a cell, you know, a cell phone will light up for 10, 15 seconds when you touch a button after having not touched it for a while.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Um, if instead of a constant light up on the, on the remote control, if it lights up for 10 seconds when it's touched again.
Speaker B: So it could be any button that would be pressed?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: You just, and it just kind of lights up a bit and it gives a thing glow.
Speaker B: So if you have all the lights off in your living room, you'll, you'll temporarily see it because you're getting the glow in the dark thing and the shape of the numbers.
Speaker B: You have to kind of decide what we're going to do with this.
Speaker A: I think the shape of the numbers is really a good idea.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And I think that's unique as well.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I mean, I haven't seen that.
Speaker A: And as you're saying, like numbers can wear off if they're just, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe we have those.
Speaker B: If it's that softer rubber material, it'll be, um, uh, better for people with else.
Speaker B: No one's a cold RSI.
Speaker B: What was it though?
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think it's, it's, okay.
Speaker B: Um, did we want to go for the glow in the dark look or did we want to go for the lighting up instantly?
Speaker B: Should we do both or we can have one or the other because it might, for, for design purposes, I mean, the lighting up thing might be better because glow in the dark material has a funny kind of color and it might not go with different like face plates that we might come up with.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker D: It might be perceived as tacky, glow in the dark.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's kind of like 80s neon style.
Speaker A: Yeah, we could be trending fashion also.
Speaker A: Yeah, there are now loads of a huge range of different colours that you could light up in as well, which could glink in with the company colours, blue or green or yellow.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: And like, we're just limited with the...
Speaker A: Just...
Speaker B: Alright, so we've just started unlighting up.
Speaker C: I was thinking of what was going on with the dark cupid, the real reaction symbol as going on the dark, and then it was a big compliment, right?
Speaker C: Avertise?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I'm the...is it lit up?
Speaker A: That could light up as well.
Speaker A: Oh, oh.
Speaker B: But with the same thing, I mean, if you touch the button and then it could be lit up as well, is...
Speaker B: Are you okay with that?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, cool.
Speaker B: Alright, so I think that completes most of our more practical decisions, and now it's up to designing, and making sure that this can be feasible.
Speaker B: And do you have any...
Speaker B: Oh, sorry.
Speaker B: Do you have anything to say?
Speaker D: Yeah, well, I'm just going to throw out there the thought about personalizing the remote control.
Speaker D: Because you mentioned faceplates.
Speaker D: So I don't know if there's something that...
Speaker D: You know, like five different faceplates.
Speaker D: I don't know if this would start making it more complicated, but it could increase the popularity of the remote.
Speaker A: Okay, like you can have changeable mobile Kevin's iPad or something.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker B: Or like mobile.
Speaker B: Like a cell phone, yeah.
Speaker D: And I don't know if you'd want to go with TV show themes or something, like a Bart Simpson faceplate.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: And then that would be more profitable, like as a side line to the remote control.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: So, so you could start out with three, and if we hit it big, then we can add some more.
Speaker D: Yeah, last good.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that we should incorporate that into changeable.
Speaker B: Because that wouldn't be very expensive at all.
Speaker B: You just get one mold.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Throw some plastic in it, you know.
Speaker A: And also possible, I mean, we could gain out of that by advertising certain TV shows.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: That might be problematic with copyright issues.
Speaker A: So if we...
Speaker A: It takes off, then we'll try that out.
Speaker A: The environmental factor, we didn't bring that up again.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: We'll have to do more research.
Speaker B: Like as of yet, that has nothing to do with the way to look.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because we need to investigate the financial implications.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Does it need to be decided on now?
Speaker A: I think we can probably leave that till later.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker B: All right, then.
Speaker B: Anyone else have anything more to say before we close?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Well, let's have lunch and we'll discuss this later.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
