Speaker D: I'll wait till you're all in.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: Welcome back everybody.
Speaker D: I love you.
Speaker D: I had fun.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: This is our conceptual design meeting.
Speaker D: I think we're starting to head over now from the last meeting.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I was getting the question.
Speaker D: I think, yeah.
Speaker D: This is where we talk about properties, materials, user interface and trend watching.
Speaker D: So I think we've touched on a few things to that already, but we'll just go over it.
Speaker D: The minute from last time, we had a couple of changes in our plans in that we couldn't use teletext.
Speaker D: It wasn't going to be a control for everything.
Speaker D: And that we had to incorporate the image of a company into it from here.
Speaker D: We have decided on leaving out the voice recognition.
Speaker D: We've decided on there being a flip design and a different shape from what's normal.
Speaker D: We were thinking a shell, but something along the sides, just a different shape from what's normal.
Speaker D: We were going to look into the rechargeable batteries.
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker D: And we were going to think about the ports and the alarm for getting it long.
Speaker D: Things like that.
Speaker D: And our market was going to be young, business kind of range.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So she was starting with the first presentation.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Just connect up.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So we decided on our market, and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching.
Speaker E: The methods we use to decide on current trends and so on, market trends, we did our traditional, our usual market research study with our hundred subjects.
Speaker E: The general feedback from them is that the most, I'm sorry, I'm slightly tongue tied after lunch, sorry.
Speaker E: We decided on the most important aspect required in a remote control device and we'll come to that later.
Speaker E: So that was one of the first things we did.
Speaker E: Also with our company being full runners and putting fashion into technology, we also looked at a fashion update using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan.
Speaker E: So the general findings from that was in market trends, the most important aspects for remote controls were people want a fancy look and feel rather than the current functional look and feel of remote controls.
Speaker E: They also want a remote control to be technologically innovative and of course as you predicted that it should be easy to use.
Speaker E: Now I should point out that the first of those findings, fancy look and feel is the most important, it's twice as important as the second technologically innovative which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use.
Speaker E: So possibly that the feature that we put first is actually third, it's still important but it's third in order of preference for the subject that we looked at.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Now the function update which relates to very personal preferences among our subject group, we found from our consultants in Paris and Milan who attended all the design and fashion fears then, but fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes, shoes and furniture.
Speaker E: So should we be thinking of using something like that in our remote control design too?
Speaker E: There also seems to be a trend towards a spongy feel to materials again in contrast to last year.
Speaker E: So a lot of interesting feedback, they are both in our market research departments and from the people in Paris and Milan.
Speaker E: You're interested to see what our design people make of that.
Speaker D: Okay, thank you very much.
Speaker D: Let's start from the inside and work our way out.
Speaker E: Yeah, okay.
Speaker E: Unless anyone has any questions about that?
Speaker E: Not yet.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker D: I hate this bit of things.
Speaker D: I wish if you do them on too tight and you can't get the damage on them to it on the end.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: This is all about the design of the edge components and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: First, the into the method, the main idea of the whole thing is just so you just press buttons and it should activate things on the TV and we discussed last meeting.
Speaker B: It should be easy to find.
Speaker B: Also in this study, I've looked into the availability of some of the materials because some of the things that we looked at last time, unfortunately aren't available.
Speaker B: Findings.
Speaker B: I've got my nice little picture there.
Speaker B: This is the chip called the TA-1-835, which is what's used in pretty much every remote control because it sends out standard signals based on your input.
Speaker B: It's pretty much used for all TV remotes at the moment.
Speaker B: Then we're looking into battery options.
Speaker B: There's actually no rechargeable option available.
Speaker B: I saw the standard AA and AAA, which we thought were a bit too bulky at the moment.
Speaker B: I thought that might be silly to be honest.
Speaker B: It's basically like wind up radio.
Speaker B: So you wind up your remote control before you use it.
Speaker D: How long can you get out of that?
Speaker D: I mean, can you pick it up and then wind it for two minutes and then that's it for the night?
Speaker B: Yeah, I presume you wouldn't have to wind it very long, but I don't think it's really necessary when you think of the next two options like the solar charging because most people have the light on in the room anyway, so they could get when you've got TV.
Speaker E: Does light charges us somewhat?
Speaker D: Is it?
Speaker B: Is it?
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker E: It has to be silly.
Speaker C: Any?
Speaker C: Regarding the sizes, which one you think will be like because we have to take into consideration size also, so maybe standard AAA might take less space and the dynamo might take more space.
Speaker B: Yeah, it would.
Speaker B: The dynamo would take more space because you'd actually need a physical sort of handle to wind up.
Speaker D: I'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: I don't think it's parents' perspective.
Speaker D: But I mean, you don't want to limit your market.
Speaker D: I mean, people who live in base with that.
Speaker D: There's not that many people.
Speaker D: I know a different part of the world too.
Speaker E: If we're at the marketing internationally.
Speaker B: Yeah, and most people also watch TV in the night anyway.
Speaker D: But then it would be charging for the day.
Speaker D: I think the point is they charge us through the day and then you've got it charged.
Speaker B: But I think the next one's the best anyway.
Speaker B: The kinetic charging, which is like you get it in wrist watches and you don't even notice it.
Speaker B: The amount of probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would charge it up.
Speaker B: I don't think it ever need to actually physically start shaking it up to make it work.
Speaker C: And are this like a, what is the life of the kinetic battery?
Speaker C: Like it's a transfer long time?
Speaker B: Yeah, it charges into some form of, it's a smaller cell which it charges into.
Speaker B: And the size of a watch battery because they use them quite frequently in watches.
Speaker B: And that would last for, well I'm not entirely sure how long it would last but I've never seen one run out.
Speaker D: But then if you think about watch, it's on your whole body, it's on your body the whole time.
Speaker D: So you're walking around you're doing things.
Speaker D: It is moving a lot of the time.
Speaker D: Yeah, and you switch the TV on the inside then you pick it up to change it.
Speaker D: And you put it on the side.
Speaker D: Yeah, but then again.
Speaker B: I think it is because if you think about it, the watch, although it's only a tiny amount, it's always moving for the whole day.
Speaker B: And they don't run out overnight when you leave them on the side.
Speaker B: And for the same reason you're only using it for an incredibly short amount of time just to send the signal and then you've finished with it.
Speaker B: It's not withdrawn.
Speaker B: No, no, I don't think the...
Speaker E: Could I just start?
Speaker E: Referring back to solar charging, is that compatible with standard batteries?
Speaker E: I mean, could people put standard batteries in but they could leave it in the sunlight for solar charging?
Speaker E: No, the two things are not compatible.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think you could have a dual power thing.
Speaker B: But the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case.
Speaker B: And the other thing that's happening is that they're not only on a calculator, they're quite big and they all look at identical.
Speaker E: That effect, the idea of design.
Speaker D: They're expensive.
Speaker D: The price they were looking at through, I presume, the normal batteries were the cheapest.
Speaker B: Yeah, the normal batteries would be the cheapest.
Speaker B: I presume then it would actually be the solar charging ones.
Speaker B: But I think they're not very resistant to dropping.
Speaker B: Because if you drop stuff, yeah, if you have the size you'd need to charge a remote, it wouldn't be that big.
Speaker B: But I mean, if remotes always get thrown around and stuff.
Speaker B: So I think practically, I mean, calculators you don't really throw around a lot.
Speaker B: Whereas remotes do.
Speaker B: They can't.
Speaker D: Don't care if they just have a battery in the world.
Speaker B: Yeah, they do.
Speaker B: They've got dual things.
Speaker B: But the batteries are smaller.
Speaker C: Look at it.
Speaker C: So which one would last the longest?
Speaker C: Because we don't want customers to be charging a mobile phone every day.
Speaker C: A remote phone for like, so.
Speaker B: Yeah, so look at the life also.
Speaker B: Yeah, if you had something using the standard batteries and the solar charging.
Speaker B: I don't think you'd.
Speaker B: I think the it would well, you know how long the standard double A's would last in order to replace.
Speaker E: It would just detract from the attractiveness of the whole feature.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it would.
Speaker D: Okay, can we add in attachment to clothing feature?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: Can we think about that?
Speaker D: Because if we're doing the kinetic thing.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in?
Speaker E: Because I.
Speaker E: I'd add it in to think about.
Speaker D: Right, okay.
Speaker D: Because.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: If it is the kinetic thing.
Speaker D: And it is small and it is portable and it is a different shape.
Speaker D: And the kinetic is something people don't do.
Speaker D: Kind of.
Speaker D: We're doing something original and different.
Speaker D: But if you wore it, if it's something you could just click on your pocket.
Speaker D: Then you would have that less.
Speaker D: You wouldn't lose it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So much.
Speaker D: But then maybe that's looking at someone who's just sitting on their own rather than the eternal battle for control of it.
Speaker E: It's not something that's come up in any of our focus groups and market research.
Speaker E: It's not a thing that people are looking for.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Let me throw it open to the field here.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: But it's something to put on the side to think about then.
Speaker D: Okay, right.
Speaker B: Okay, well I'll move on.
Speaker B: My second part of my findings.
Speaker B: The most current remote used this silicon PCB board which printed circuit board.
Speaker B: Which basically has these contacts that are really close together.
Speaker B: And then when you press down on the rubber button, it will connect the circuit.
Speaker B: And each switch is connected to different legs on the chip and so sends a different message.
Speaker B: And that then gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this LED in a sequence of on and off bursts.
Speaker D: What kind of things do we have to consider there?
Speaker D: Can we, what kind of size does it come in varying sizes or is it just one size?
Speaker B: Well, well, the thing about it is that they can be as big or as small as you want them to be because you can print circuit board like that.
Speaker B: It's simply spaced like that so you can fit the size of the nine buttons in.
Speaker B: If you see how thin the tracks are, you could put them virtually right next to each other and have a much smaller switch on each one if you wanted to.
Speaker B: But there is an option to do it like that or you could have some sort of array of switches which I'll speak about in the next bit.
Speaker B: So that.
Speaker B: And then to, yeah, so to conserve battery life, remote should be in a standby mode while not being used.
Speaker B: And what I was thinking about that was because sometimes when you have these things that got little lights on behind the buttons so you can see what all the buttons are like on a mobile phone.
Speaker B: They do it more often than on a TV remote, but you could have lights behind the buttons and after like five or ten seconds and not being used, I'd have that turned off if we decided to go for buttons that could light up.
Speaker B: The case material I've been sent what the factory can actually give us.
Speaker B: The there's the plastic which I think we were going to go for anyway as the main case case housing and the main problems with the way you could go for wood but I think of it impractical.
Speaker B: Titanium.
Speaker B: Very expensive.
Speaker B: Just the process which to make it is expensive.
Speaker B: And rubber where you're saying that people like this spongy feel this year so perhaps something made of rubber but I was thinking more of the buttons because the buttons which they've said.
Speaker B: So they've put across.
Speaker B: Are what is used in some stressful manufacture and it's meant to be anti RSI.
Speaker B: I'm not sure how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances but that's what they said.
Speaker B: The problem with the casing is that there's quite there's quite a few design restrictions that they've got on the shape of the case if you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape.
Speaker B: Whereas if you come to plastic they can they can be a little more they can they can do sort of curved shapes but whether whether or not because we'd have it in two separate units.
Speaker C: So for the flip phone.
Speaker C: Yeah and second question is like mobile you can change the cover.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So in this case you'll be looking at like the custom making change of color like from green parrot green to chilli red or something like that.
Speaker B: Yeah in titanium I don't think it would be available at all really.
Speaker B: Well you could make it available in the titanium it was just it would be so expensive to buy a new case for it because of the expense of how much titanium is it's light and strong but I think it should be left for aircraft design rather than for.
Speaker E: It does work quite easily too if you let it fall I've got a mobile from myself which is titanium and it doesn't mark very easily.
Speaker E: Yeah I was just wondering if we make the basic mold out of plastic but have like a rubber cover rubber yeah that you give the sponge you feel that also allows us to kind of have different.
Speaker D: And you can peel them off yeah instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic the fascia that comes from a rubber sleeve almost yeah.
Speaker D: Like those pens that you get with the grip yeah right that you can that could be a good.
Speaker C: Okay it would be comfortable to hold on.
Speaker E: Very cheap way of changing the look of it and people can just buy a new one.
Speaker D: Yeah well that's been really popular with mobile phones so I don't see why not.
Speaker B: Also the just just going back to the interface designs with the buttons.
Speaker B: We were planning to do some sort of touch screen.
Speaker B: Now what I was saying before about instead of having you could have just a bare PCB circuit board and I'm sure you could probably get it in different colors and say just by touching it with your finger it would make the connection.
Speaker B: Over if you had them close enough that would be one option.
Speaker B: The second option they offer rubber buttons but I thought that an LCD type of screen because one they're incredibly thin.
Speaker B: And don't take on much space to they you can have them in a sort of a rain you could arrange the buttons on the screen in a sort of set thing.
Speaker B: You could have them like a touch.
Speaker C: So I just read the last part.
Speaker C: Oh what what just what do you say to adding the meaning of it completely.
Speaker B: Oh on the on the LCD screen you could you could fit it the problem with it basically is that it's flat and so you can't do lots of curve curve things with it.
Speaker B: But you can you wouldn't have with the LCD you'd have the wires coming off.
Speaker B: You wouldn't have that with the with the LCD you'd only have that with the printed circuit board with.
Speaker E: Also it's I don't see why the curve thing is a problem if we for example had a shell.
Speaker B: Yeah you can have a flat screen inside.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm just wondering whether we want an LCD screen inside it wouldn't be like full color it would just be black and white.
Speaker B: But there'd be touch touch buttons so you wouldn't be pressing down on them.
Speaker B: Or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-IS on.
Speaker D: I think it would be good to have a contrast between if the whole thing is going to be rubber saying it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy with it inside.
Speaker D: Now how would you distinguish if you had it bare how do you distinguish where you had to press.
Speaker B: Yeah I hadn't I hadn't really thought so.
Speaker E: I don't know if it helps with that but just to do with the RSI is it possible just as an option when we open it up people can use their fingers to press the button.
Speaker E: Or we have inside like a small pointer thing.
Speaker B: Yeah you could you could have some sort of stylist that you could pull out but I think they could get a bit easily lost.
Speaker E: Yeah it's a little bit easy to replace as well.
Speaker C: I'm going to show this very often.
Speaker C: A person who switches channels very often or does use a particular function very often.
Speaker C: He'll find it very irritating to use earlier.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And he might spoil the touchpad very fast compared to button like yeah we keep punching with and point over.
Speaker E: Yeah just a thought they wouldn't actually need one in the case anything they've got couldn't they have pencil or pen so they wouldn't really need a.
Speaker D: Okay we'll talk about that so if you finish here.
Speaker B: Yeah that's yeah that's the end of the.
Speaker C: I haven't forgotten before like you're listening.
Speaker C: Regarding the circuit since we have having a flip top.
Speaker C: Yeah customize the two circuits for different type of buttons like we are keeping the standard buttons on the top.
Speaker C: Oh yeah.
Speaker C: We'll complex button in the distance so we can divide the circuit like that.
Speaker B: Yeah yeah that would be fairly simple.
Speaker B: I mean you'd actually have two separate.
Speaker B: You'd have two separate circuit boards but they'd be joined by wires or like some cabling between them.
Speaker B: Because in the in the actual flip that you'd have some linking.
Speaker E: I just raised another point well it occurs to me it kind of applies to both our designers here.
Speaker E: I'm not sure how it would fit in.
Speaker E: If we flip open now you know how you've got some mirrors in nightclubs that are mirrors when you turn to them.
Speaker E: And you turn away and it gives like an advertising display.
Speaker E: You see those?
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: And they kind of respond to the turn of your body.
Speaker E: Is it possible that when we open our flip top shell it's a little compact mirror.
Speaker E: And when you press a button it then goes on to the phone display.
Speaker E: The art there, the remote control display thing.
Speaker D: We are marketing to guys as much as we are to women.
Speaker E: They don't look at themselves.
Speaker E: Just a thought.
Speaker D: Well it's a remote controller you were sitting watching TV.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Are you going to want to sort of open it and say.
Speaker D: I know what you mean.
Speaker D: So they are using the ideas to mobile.
Speaker E: So they are using the ideas to mobile phones.
Speaker E: We kind of got fact tracked onto that I think.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I'm just trying to think of other features we can build in that we don't cost too much.
Speaker E: But one would be that one on the side.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: I mean you can't.
Speaker B: You could do it.
Speaker B: You could have a.
Speaker B: Because if you just put the full charge through an LCD display or completely blank it out.
Speaker B: But I don't know if you can get any mirror effect on it.
Speaker B: I think we forget about the mirror.
Speaker E: That was just a very quick passing.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I would like to show something which I did here.
Speaker C: First thing is basically on design we just took the input from the previous meeting.
Speaker C: Especially from the marketing and industrial design to check on the customer needs and feasibility.
Speaker C: Second is we check into competitors.
Speaker C: The picture he shows what are the standard models offered by competitors here.
Speaker C: So you generally see there is not much of variety and like marketing team said people need trendy they are bored of black and white.
Speaker C: So you generally see rectangular shape very monotonous kind of designs here.
Speaker C: And second thing is there is too much of confusion here.
Speaker C: No particular remote is standard.
Speaker C: Like some people have here.
Speaker C: You see this.
Speaker C: This is on I found that the only common feature is the channel control and the volume control.
Speaker C: Rest other buttons they are in a very disorganized and they are not consistent with other models.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And second as I already discussed with William we are going to have maybe a GUI interface in the middle of the flip top.
Speaker C: Sorry what does that sound like?
Speaker C: Graphic user interface.
Speaker C: Basically which is what we do in computer.
Speaker C: Have icons or touch pad or whatever.
Speaker B: If you have buttons that appear on the screen then this LCD screen.
Speaker C: Like you have an icon or something you have is a good example of GUI and graphic user interface.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: So basically a person you not point or click or press any particular device he just has to click on that particular icon.
Speaker C: That is simplified.
Speaker C: And on the top repetitive buttons which are like volume or channel changing and all could be on the pointing device that means user button.
Speaker C: And he not user pointer to keep changing the channel if a person is frequent circle.
Speaker C: So we are having a combination of both.
Speaker C: So on the simpler board on the top we have this button, rubber buttons to keep frequently changing the channels.
Speaker D: Can you swap that round?
Speaker D: The ones that we use all the time on the bottom part.
Speaker D: And what did you think about holding it?
Speaker D: You would be using your thumbs to press.
Speaker D: Just like a mobile phone.
Speaker E: You would flip it open and you would be, wouldn't you?
Speaker E: Isn't that the idea?
Speaker E: If we just use the shell as an example again you open that.
Speaker E: You have your LCD display there and you have the buttons there.
Speaker E: That is what I was saying.
Speaker D: But you can't do it with your thumb.
Speaker D: And then have the LCD at the top and then be able to touch that for the other person.
Speaker D: And you would have the volume and the program and things like that.
Speaker C: And the lower the side.
Speaker C: So the findings are too many cluttered buttons.
Speaker C: Repetition of certain patterns which I already explained.
Speaker C: Example the volume and channel control buttons.
Speaker C: All are confusing and inconsistent.
Speaker C: Okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition.
Speaker C: There was a mail which mentioned that our division has developed a new speech recognition feature.
Speaker C: We have to check into the financial feasibility whether we can incorporate this at low cost.
Speaker C: But for like we had response from the customers that they would like to have the feature of finding it.
Speaker C: So it could be like where is the remote and the remote answers I am here.
Speaker C: Some kind of thing or it gives a blip sound or some kind of sound.
Speaker C: And if this can be incorporated this would be more, you can say trendy also.
Speaker C: And technologically innovative also.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: So we can check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this.
Speaker C: My personal preferences would be like as already highlighted by the marketing department they want something to do with fruit.
Speaker C: So I wouldn't say the design should be like a fruit.
Speaker C: But yeah we can take inspiration from fruit colors.
Speaker C: Like the vibrant colors.
Speaker C: Red chili.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Two mitre red or whatever.
Speaker C: And second thing is certain standard buttons we should have.
Speaker C: Like for example if you see the previous slide.
Speaker C: Wow.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this central pattern.
Speaker C: Here.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So we would not change that particular pattern because this is the most consistent thing in all remote controls.
Speaker D: I can't see that.
Speaker D: That play in the store.
Speaker D: This is the central one.
Speaker C: The one you have volume and channel.
Speaker C: So keep that standard x because that's the most common feature across all models.
Speaker C: If you look at all the models it's here.
None: This.
Speaker C: And.
Speaker C: Voice recognition.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I'm not sure how long we've got left.
Speaker D: But we need to make a decision about.
Speaker D: Things we've discussed.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker D: We agree on.
Speaker D: Do we agree on the battery?
Speaker E: Kind of.
Speaker E: Kind of.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That means that there's no function for the port.
Speaker D: You know that it sits in the impression button then having.
Speaker D: So we could incorporate voice recognition.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think.
Speaker D: I mean if it's like a gadget.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: It is.
Speaker B: It is quite a cool feature to have.
Speaker B: And also if they've got it.
Speaker B: If they've got these parts already in stock.
Speaker B: Then it won't be cheap to remanufacture them.
Speaker B: It will be cheap though to remanufacture them.
Speaker B: So do you recommend a good idea that.
Speaker B: Where's the remote.
Speaker B: I'm here thing.
Speaker B: I think that would be quite fun.
Speaker D: I think the only.
Speaker D: I think the only.
Speaker D: Pitfall that we would have would be.
Speaker D: How much you've been.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That means we have to cut down somewhere else.
Speaker D: But I think pretty much.
Speaker D: We.
Speaker D: Is.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Better to be cheap than simple things.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: LCD is not cheap.
Speaker B: Well it's.
Speaker B: Not as expensive as it would be if it was full color.
Speaker B: Because if it just got black and white one.
Speaker B: I mean they used them in calculators.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Maybe we could start with the black and white.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: That would be good.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Upgrade later on up.
Speaker E: We talked about kinetic charging.
Speaker E: We seem to have decided on that.
Speaker E: Did we decide on double A or triple A batteries.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker D: You went like a backup.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: One of the decisions we had to make was whether we had double A or triple A batteries.
Speaker E: Because they've still got to be charged this way haven't they?
Speaker E: No the kinetic one.
Speaker B: Oh I see.
Speaker B: Come with the sort of watch.
Speaker B: A battery that goes in the watch.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So it's a lot smaller.
Speaker B: So we.
Speaker E: You're on that okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Got battery.
Speaker D: The inside components is pretty standardized across the board isn't it?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So there's not really a decision to be made there.
Speaker D: The buttons.
Speaker D: What did you give us as a.
Speaker D: The bare board LCD.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think we were going for the LCD on that one.
Speaker B: On the buttons.
Speaker B: On the.
Speaker B: On the top one.
Speaker B: On the top one.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: You've got the touch.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And then.
Speaker B: On the bottom we were going to have to rub.
Speaker B: The one that we were going to have to do is just to put the buttons on the bottom.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Sorry could you repeat that last part?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: On the flip screen.
Speaker B: The flip screen.
Speaker B: The top one is going to be the LCD and the bottom one is going to be the rubberized.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: And for the.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: So the body design I think plastic.
Speaker C: Plastic.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: For the inside.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Rubberized padding or for the crypt something like to add to the design.
Speaker E: So we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell and variety of designs.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And it is just a little bit rubberized and spongy.
Speaker E: Apart from that we're just going to go for sort of vegetable and fruit colors.
Speaker E: We're not going to try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else.
Speaker E: I shall be discussed.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: We don't want to be tacky if we've got a different shape anyway.
Speaker D: The fact that the material that we would be using would be cheap.
Speaker D: So we could make it red.
Speaker D: We could make it psychedelic.
Speaker D: You know we could make it black and white.
Speaker D: They're prescribed.
Speaker D: But that's not really what we're focusing on.
Speaker D: What we're focusing on is the feel.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: So just pick anything.
Speaker E: Is that going to be the image I've got in my head of something kind of shaped like that.
Speaker E: Maybe about that size.
Speaker E: Made of plastic.
Speaker E: Fits into the power of the hand.
Speaker E: Rubberized cover that's spongy.
Speaker E: Is that really going to fit fancy looking feel which was the major thing that people wanted market research.
Speaker E: Is that something different?
Speaker D: It's just different.
Speaker D: It's just different from everything else.
Speaker D: I mean I'm trying to imagine clean looking houses sort of beige and black.
Speaker D: Do you either want something that goes with that which is what's on the market anyway or you want something that contrasts as you know like you get clocks now that are more of a talking point than an actual clock.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Because they're so interesting.
Speaker E: I'm just kind of pushing it that to see if you came out with anything else.
Speaker E: But I mean I totally agree.
Speaker E: We looked at those remotes.
Speaker E: I mean they are kind of anonymous very similar looking things.
Speaker E: This would definitely be different enough.
Speaker E: I just wanted if anybody could come up with something even more.
Speaker D: And you would just have a cross that you would have so many different options.
Speaker D: You could do.
Speaker D: You could have a plain black one.
Speaker D: You could have sparkly pink glittery ones.
Speaker E: The things that are upperized covers are going to be so relatively cheap to produce.
Speaker E: If in a years time we get feedback from the design fears that show something else is coming.
Speaker E: It's so easy for us to produce that that can be slipped on.
Speaker E: And what is the beauty of it?
Speaker D: The ones that have rubbery spikes.
Speaker D: You know you just go so far from there.
Speaker D: You could just take it wherever.
Speaker D: So I think that's quite a flexible.
Speaker C: And finally the body should be reducible.
Speaker C: Maybe you can change the body of the case kissing.
Speaker C: The case outside.
Speaker C: It should be molded with the design in such a way you can change it every time.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: With these rubberized cakes.
Speaker B: Not the actual plastic outside case.
Speaker B: Just the rubber.
Speaker D: Okay, we've got five minutes.
Speaker D: That might have been up for a while.
Speaker E: So can I just recap, Sarah?
Speaker E: The decisions that we've made.
Speaker E: Kinetic charging.
Speaker E: The watch type batteries.
Speaker E: LCD display.
Speaker E: The top side of the flip top.
Speaker E: Rubberized buttons on the bottom side.
Speaker E: We're going to use fruit and vegetable colors for the rubber.
Speaker E: Cover the case itself as plastic.
Speaker E: That's how far we've got.
Speaker E: We have to add to our decisions here.
Speaker C: Fine.
Speaker C: We're talking of voice recognition also.
Speaker C: Because we have not addressed the issue of how to locate a remote control if it's lost.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: It was just a cost issue with that.
Speaker E: But it's a good idea.
Speaker E: We just need to check on the cost.
Speaker C: Or maybe like the limit we're suggesting in the last thing.
Speaker C: Some devices you put on keychains.
Speaker C: Oh yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: There were so ones.
Speaker C: The whistle.
Speaker C: So we can, financially voice recognition is not feasible.
Speaker C: We could go for a whistle.
Speaker E: And incorporating the company logo.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: Have you?
Speaker C: I'm sorry.
Speaker C: But we'll be incorporating on the design.
Speaker E: Because I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from your report.
Speaker E: It's not just a case of having a little RR hidden somewhere.
Speaker E: They do want it to be obvious that it's our product.
Speaker D: Well they do.
Speaker D: But I think we can.
Speaker D: Since it's the only one of its kind on the market.
Speaker D: Well it is.
Speaker D: I think you just addressed that with advertising.
Speaker D: You associate the name with the individual product that it is.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And that does the work for you.
Speaker D: Obviously you'll have a logo on it just like everything.
Speaker D: But everything else has a logo on it.
Speaker D: The point is that it's got to stand out somehow differently.
Speaker D: I think it does.
Speaker E: I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper.
Speaker E: I think that was you talked about a beeper for a location.
Speaker E: We just rejected that and people voiced recognition.
Speaker D: Depending on how.
Speaker B: Yeah depending on the expense.
Speaker D: I mean we've got this memo saying that it's something that the company is looking into.
Speaker D: I've got in stocks.
Speaker D: That seems to make sense.
Speaker D: But if it turns out that it's hugely expensive we'd have to cut down somewhere else.
Speaker D: Then it's worth thinking about.
Speaker D: I think we'll find out more about that afterwards.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I'm going to wrap this up today.
Speaker D: I got our end meeting now.
Speaker D: Did it?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I think we've probably got...
Speaker D: Instead of closing we have 40 minutes.
Speaker D: So I think we've probably got about that time before we come back.
Speaker D: See that our family had 40 minutes to discuss what we've discussed.
Speaker D: I don't know how long that took.
Speaker C: I think we're pretty going in a clear direction.
Speaker D: Is everyone happy?
Speaker D: Okay.
