None: You see that? You can see that.
None: Okay, I'll Berry do just pick on you for a little while guess what be tat scrwhat?
Speaker E: So let's start our second meeting on conceptual design.
Speaker E: So as the previous meeting I will be the secretary and we will have three presentations and we will have to decide on the remote control concept and finally we will close the session.
Speaker E: So I will first...
Speaker A: You do the minutes first or?
Speaker F: No.
Speaker E: I think I will let our user interface on designers speak first.
Speaker E: Mr. David Jordan.
Speaker E: So I will...
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker E: Technical... that's this one?
Speaker E: Interface.
Speaker E: This one?
Speaker B: So first I will present the concept of user interface.
Speaker B: There are three concepts in the user interface.
Speaker B: The first one is the Google controller.
Speaker B: The second is the fancy controller.
Speaker B: The last one is the intelligent controller.
Speaker B: So there are three concepts in our controller.
Speaker B: Next I will explain my outline.
Speaker B: The first is the Google controller.
Speaker B: So I want the controller to be easy to use but with sophisticated functions.
Speaker B: So it's a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions.
Speaker B: This is the first concept of our controller.
Speaker B: The second concept is the fancy controller.
Speaker B: So without giving the customer the impression that our controller is very attractive.
Speaker B: We can easily recognize our controller among a lot of products.
Speaker B: So the user interface would be very cute.
Speaker B: Very attractive.
Speaker B: Such as these are several examples in these slides.
Speaker B: I'm not sure.
Speaker B: They want it to be so extremely cute.
Speaker B: It's very big.
Speaker B: It's easy for me to remember it.
Speaker B: I need to recognize it.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Why not?
Speaker E: We'll have big discussions with our experts after that.
Speaker B: So the last concept is the intelligent.
Speaker B: We want our controller to be smart.
Speaker B: So maybe we should use some technology such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology.
Speaker B: So we need to have some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and on gesture recognition.
Speaker B: With these advanced features, I think we can attract a lot of users.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: Something else?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: This is the three concepts of our...
Speaker E: I just have one question because for the intelligent controller, you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition.
Speaker E: But as the expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap between channels.
Speaker E: Do you think they will be able to use gestures because if they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries because of that?
Speaker E: Or if you say channel 3, channel 3, 2, 3, 4, 6, 5, I think they will be born after a while.
Speaker E: You don't think so?
Speaker B: I think sometimes it's very convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface.
Speaker B: For example, if you cannot find your controller, you can't use it.
Speaker B: Just speak something such as one.
Speaker E: Yeah, but suppose you got a cold. You have a mute remote controller.
Speaker B: So you can use the gesture. That's a good problem.
Speaker A: How is it very easy to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition?
Speaker B: For limited vocabulary speech recognition, it's very reliable and for limited vocabulary gesture recognition, it's also very easy.
Speaker E: Yeah, but suppose you have a family watching TV and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work?
Speaker E: Everybody wants to change channels at the same time?
Speaker A: But this would never happen anyway.
Speaker B: Yeah, they cannot speak at the same time.
Speaker E: If you have one brother and one sister, they want to watch their favorite TV program, so they say, oh, channel 4, channel 3, channel 4.
Speaker C: Yeah, so all the time.
Speaker C: The same can happen even if you use it. It's kind of remote control.
Speaker E: Yeah, but you have the remote control. So maybe you can keep it with you.
Speaker E: You're not a blind gesture.
Speaker A: Okay, you mean it could be a problem for this guy.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the advantage of intelligent controller. Even you have the controller. I can say channel 3.
Speaker B: So this is a disadvantage.
Speaker E: I think it's a disadvantage.
Speaker E: This is a advantage.
Speaker C: Maybe you can have a switching mode to pass from voice controller to...
Speaker E: But one other question, how much will it cost?
Speaker C: How much?
Speaker E: Yeah, because I suppose we need to do research. Do you have something working?
Speaker B: No, we just...
Speaker B: I'll use some efficient.
Speaker B: We just have some cooperation with some research institute. We don't have to do some basic research on this.
Speaker E: Oh, you think it won't cost in... not a lot for us?
Speaker B: I think it's because this technology is limited or lack-seeking recognition.
Speaker B: It's very...
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's changing how the remote control is going to be built.
Speaker A: Because then you need...
Speaker A: I mean, this doesn't have the power to do recognition, for example.
Speaker C: You have also the language protocol.
Speaker B: Because it has to be universal.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree with some.
Speaker B: But there's not a problem.
Speaker E: Yeah, but there's one problem that Baba talked about.
Speaker E: It's the international remote control.
Speaker E: We need something that is international.
Speaker E: Suppose we want to set it in France.
Speaker E: The recognition system will be able to understand French.
Speaker E: If you want to go to England, it will be able to understand English.
Speaker E: Yeah, the key...
Speaker B: This could be downloaded by the webinar.
Speaker B: The key feature of our control is that it has some adaptation.
Speaker B: It means when you sell this controller in China, it can...
Speaker B: If you sell this controller, you can't use it.
Speaker B: It's a very smart...
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a smart control device.
Speaker E: Yeah, and with no increase in the production price of the remote control?
Speaker B: Because of this product, this technology has already been developed.
Speaker B: Yeah, but the problem is how to...
Speaker C: If this is a push button controller, you can send this remote control everywhere in the world.
Speaker C: The same one.
Speaker C: If you have the language, you have to develop for each count.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's why we have to do language adaptation.
Speaker C: In the French country, you have to do one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because for example, for even for different family, we have to do...
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker B: Yeah, we have to do adaptation tools.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it seems to be quite complex.
Speaker A: Yeah, we have to take care of the 12 euros...
Speaker E: And what about voice recognition?
Speaker E: Do we have microphones and where we'll be there?
Speaker E: Do you think if we are far from television, it will work?
Speaker B: I think that's not a problem, because you don't have to wear a microphone.
Speaker B: The microphone is embedded in the controller.
Speaker E: Yeah, but where is the controller?
Speaker B: There is a controller.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is it your family?
Speaker B: Your home?
Speaker E: Yeah, but here it's an object.
Speaker E: But here you say you want to use a technology...
Speaker B: Yeah, you can embed it in a microphone here.
Speaker E: Yeah, but what is the use of voice or just recognition if you have remote control like this, if you have an object?
Speaker E: If you want to use voice or gesture, you need to be free without any objects.
Speaker E: You just want to interact with the device.
Speaker B: Yeah, just put the controller here.
Speaker B: If you say one, you see your command and you do your gesture.
Speaker E: Yeah, but you can lose it.
Speaker B: No, it's...
Speaker C: If you lose it.
Speaker C: So, but for example, if it is somewhere in the room, if it is in the table there, you can always say it's channel one and the remote control gives the audio to the TV.
Speaker E: Yeah, so you can build to kind of like box and put it on TV just to recognize gestures and voice.
Speaker C: Yeah, but so you need a camera and a microphone.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker A: So you would still have the buttons or do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition?
Speaker A: Or you still have the possibility to use buttons?
Speaker B: I think we should give the flexibility to the user.
Speaker B: Okay, so you...
Speaker B: Yeah, but you can see the gas switch from bi-modality to another.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know. It's a bit risky.
Speaker E: I think so. Maybe it will be quite...
Speaker E: Quite attractive.
Speaker C: I think that switching from one counter to another will be a problem.
Speaker B: Because if you do language adaptation, there should be no problem.
Speaker B: Yeah, but...
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: We should have confidence in technology.
Speaker B: Yeah, we should.
Speaker E: So, what do you think? Which are the controllers you'd prefer?
Speaker F: What?
Speaker E: Which kind of controller would you prefer to use?
Speaker E: You as a remote control user?
Speaker A: I mean, I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition.
Speaker A: But if it like doubles, no one will...
Speaker C: I think he would prefer that he's very reliable.
Speaker E: So I think it would be better not to do near-the-lute-gen controller and to stay with the Google controller or fancy controller.
Speaker E: Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, if you stick to the first two parts, so what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market?
Speaker E: There's no features of our controller.
Speaker B: So, is there any necessary to design new controller without...
Speaker B: I think it works through features.
Speaker B: No, I mean, do you replace your controller?
Speaker B: I think it works through the other two parts.
Speaker B: So, what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market?
Speaker B: No, I mean... do you replace your controller with a controller with similar function?
Speaker B: If you do not have some function...
Speaker C: I had for example some function like for browsing in the internet or something like that.
Speaker C: But I think a user needs...
Speaker B: That's not the function of the controller.
Speaker B: That's the function of TV.
Speaker B: You can replace your TV with a new TV with internet browser function.
Speaker A: No, but you need a new remote controller then.
Speaker A: Because if you want to browse internet...
Speaker A: You don't have any...
Speaker A: If you want to type something...
Speaker C: Okay, if you want to send a mail from...
Speaker B: It's not only the problem.
Speaker B: It's also the issue of the TV.
Speaker C: The problem I can see is the voice or gesture.
Speaker C: Because we can't have it in a family.
Speaker B: We cannot rely 100% on these features to use the controller.
Speaker B: But the features of our controller, such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile.
Speaker B: But you seldom use it in your mobile.
Speaker B: But you choose a new mobile.
Speaker B: You choose a VAMB voice recognition.
Speaker B: The feature is not 100% reliable.
Speaker B: But it's a feature to distinguish our product from our products.
Speaker E: We want something that works all the time.
Speaker E: Every day, every hour.
Speaker E: For everyone.
Speaker C: The person of the family.
Speaker B: If you don't need to do this...
Speaker B: If you already have a product, it works 100% reliable.
Speaker B: Would you replace it with another one?
Speaker E: Yeah, why not?
Speaker A: For example, we would like to have a Google-like controller.
Speaker A: I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google.
Speaker A: Google is simple, works fine.
Speaker A: I guess if we can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine, it's already in a lot.
Speaker B: There's no big difference between the traditional controller.
Speaker A: I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition.
Speaker A: If he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice.
Speaker B: Not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one.
Speaker B: It does no key feature in the new controller.
Speaker A: That's the problem.
Speaker A: I don't know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever.
Speaker A: But you have to think the user is the one who is going to buy the product then.
Speaker E: Okay, so let's go to the industry old designer.
Speaker E: Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that.
Speaker E: So, do you want to?
Speaker C: Yeah, pass it on to working.
Speaker C: So, I can...
Speaker C: Can you go to the next one?
Speaker C: It's not this one.
Speaker C: It's not working this way.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker C: Come on, honey.
Speaker C: So, this is what describes using.
Speaker C: I don't see.
Speaker E: I think there's something wrong with the user.
Speaker B: Did you receive it?
Speaker E: Maybe you record it somewhere else.
Speaker D: I don't think so.
Speaker D: Pass it on to one.
Speaker B: Pass it on to one.
Speaker E: To face concept.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker C: Maybe I record it directly on the computer.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker E: It seems that we have a problem with the...
Speaker A: I don't know if you remember what you had to say or...
Speaker C: I can say it without...
Speaker B: Yeah, so...
Speaker B: Maybe we can first come to...
Speaker E: No, I think it would be more interesting to start with...
Speaker B: I think it's more interesting.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We will have some more information.
Speaker E: I think it would be interesting after your presentation to have...
Speaker E: Baba's presentation.
Speaker C: In fact, I don't know.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It was in fact to design use to show you the design of what is inside and what are the different components of the...
Speaker C: of the remote control.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, it would be interesting so I could show you some picture of what is inside.
Speaker C: So, in fact, something I want to discuss is which kind of material are you going to use?
Speaker C: So, it would be a wooden remote control or plastic remote control like this one.
Speaker C: So, in which...
Speaker C: which kind will be the different button?
Speaker C: So, it can be some classic push button like this one or you have also some button like LCD where, you know, the buttons are unlighted during the night or you can see them in the darkness.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of electric elementation we want to have.
Speaker C: So, will it be, for example, solar energy elementation or will it be a battery like the classical battery?
Speaker C: So, and I think that for example for the elementation it would be good to have both of them.
Speaker C: So, for example, in some country where you are in the countryside and you are far from the cities.
Speaker C: For example, in some place in Senegal. So, if you have solar elementation, you just, when you want to have recharge your remote control power, you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can comment.
Speaker C: So, it can be interesting for people to have this kind of...
Speaker C: It can be something interesting to make people buy.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it's an added value to the remote control and maybe it can attract all the electrical consumers.
Speaker E: And, but apparently the price of adding this solar battery, would it be something really that will increase the price of prediction or no?
Speaker C: In fact, having them both will, if you want to have battery, regular battery and the solar energy battery, it could be, it will add a little bit of the price.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: But it will be an added value also that will be compensated.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: And what about the materials?
Speaker C: And the materials, it depends. For example, if you have a wooden material, it can be more...
Speaker C: The plastic material is more common. It's very resistant.
Speaker C: But, you know, something wooden will be like, I don't know, special high, special high class.
Speaker E: Yeah, and if you, we want to put fashion and electronics, maybe we can try to do something we would.
Speaker C: Yeah, even if it is not completely wood, but just a part of the wood, it will be wooden, in wood and it can be interesting.
Speaker C: Okay, it's interesting.
Speaker C: So the last point is, also, we do want to have some very cheap integrated circuit chips, or we have low level or very expensive.
Speaker C: It depends.
Speaker C: But I think that low level will be, you know, it is an entry material.
Speaker E: Yeah, I want something easy to use, and so I think maybe something very low level would be enough.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And you think that we will be...
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it will fit on the price you want, 12 year or so.
Speaker E: So wood and what about the buttons?
Speaker C: I think the buttons, I prefer, you know, the LCD, you know, lighted buttons, because, you know, it's...
Speaker C: That's a special, yeah.
Speaker C: It's fashion and it's related to how beautiful it is.
Speaker C: So if you want to watch TV in the darkness, or if you want to find your remote control that is lost in the darkness, it's very easy.
Speaker A: What about the touch screen, for example?
Speaker A: It's expensive, I guess.
Speaker C: I think the touch screen will be as expensive as the LCD button, so...
Speaker C: And it is a kind of design.
Speaker C: It can be also interesting to have this kind of...
Speaker B: So you got the email?
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker E: I think we have only five minutes left.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: What have you been there for?
Speaker E: Functional requirements?
Speaker A: No train watching.
Speaker A: The other one.
Speaker E: This one?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think so.
Speaker A: Just...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So just to meet the user requirements, I would just do a short analysis of the remote control market.
Speaker A: And to kind of have a better overview of what the fashion in general have checked more than only the remote control market.
Speaker A: So next.
Speaker A: So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting.
Speaker A: You really want a fancy look and feel. They are not so interested in a functional look and feel like the one you've shown David with all the buttons.
Speaker A: I mean, it sounds good technically, but it's not what they want.
Speaker A: So second point, they still want it to be technologically innovative.
Speaker A: So maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on.
Speaker A: At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use.
Speaker A: So that were the three first points from the remote control analysis.
Speaker A: Now, if we look at fashion in general...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: What we really see this year is that everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is inspired by fruits and vegetables.
Speaker A: So I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the thing.
Speaker A: Because it's really what people want, even if it's in general fashion, we want it to be in the remote control.
Speaker A: And then if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel on the score of seven would have six as important.
Speaker A: The remote control has to be technologically innovative.
Speaker A: It's three, then easy to use.
Speaker A: It's not so important, actually, with respect to other ones.
Speaker A: So we see fancy looking feel is the most important one.
Speaker A: And then if we combine this with the fashion from Milan and Paris...
Speaker C: It's fruits and vegetables.
Speaker A: We go to the fruits and vegetables.
Speaker A: And the other point I haven't mentioned is people want to have a spongy touch.
Speaker A: So this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker C: But the point is which kind of material do you need to be spongy with?
Speaker A: Yeah, this would be like plastic-like, but rubber.
Speaker A: Very smart.
Speaker A: Maybe not rubber-like device.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: Okay, that was the main point, I think, from the train in fashion.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: So we have to take decisions about the confidence concept about the energy.
Speaker E: So as you say, you want something technologically innovative.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Maybe using solar energy.
Speaker E: Yeah, solar, I think.
Speaker E: With battery would be something interesting.
Speaker E: Maybe we'll attract...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Pro-ecology consumers.
Speaker E: Chip and Prince, so you propose low-level chips would be enough to have something working well.
Speaker E: Case.
Speaker D: Leave it.
Speaker E: So you think...
Speaker E: Something is spongy?
Speaker E: No wood.
Speaker A: Maybe not wood, but I mean wood.
Speaker A: So maybe not the part you're touching.
Speaker C: Maybe you can have wood, for example, in the bottom.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe the device.
Speaker C: The design you want.
Speaker C: It's natural.
Speaker E: It's natural.
Speaker E: It's natural.
Speaker C: Maybe we can stay with wood.
Speaker C: And it can be correlated to energy, solar energy.
Speaker C: So for the marketing aspect, you know, saying...
Speaker A: It's not exactly right for the spongy.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's not right.
Speaker E: But it's still fashion.
Speaker A: We could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons or...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah, something that you can enter.
Speaker E: And what about the user interface concept?
Speaker C: Google and...
Speaker E: Google and fancy?
Speaker C: And fancy.
Speaker C: How about the voice?
Speaker E: Because I think that with the voice and gesture recognition, there are still some disadvantages with this.
Speaker C: Maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested and how...
Speaker C: It is an interesting concept to see to have voice control.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Smart control.
Speaker C: And the point is we can enter the...
Speaker C: If you have voice control, why not to put it directly on the TV?
Speaker C: You speak directly to the TV.
Speaker C: And you don't need a remote control actually.
Speaker E: Yeah, but you need a receiver to recognize the gestures and the voice.
Speaker C: It will be embedded on the TV and not on a remote control.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller.
Speaker E: Maybe try to mix these two concepts together just in one and...
Speaker E: Do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with low-level chips and wood.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker E: Good.
Speaker E: And LCD buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think for these supplements, the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And what can we think as a supplement to what interface?
Speaker E: Yeah, for the interface something added value.
Speaker C: I think the supplement can be the voice.
Speaker C: It is not the most important way.
Speaker C: It can be a part of...
Speaker E: With a module, you're in a remote control with a module if you want.
Speaker E: You can just use commands, words and use them when you don't want to use their fingers.
Speaker C: Even if it is for just some keys like switching channels, one, two, three, four...
Speaker C: Turning the TV on or off.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Not very complex commands but easy commands.
Speaker E: So adding some vocal commands.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Simple ones.
Speaker E: Yeah, simple ones.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: So next meeting will start in 30 minutes.
Speaker E: So you will all have to work in your direction.
Speaker E: So you will have to work on the look and feel design to add the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the simple vocal commands recognition.
Speaker E: You will have to work more on the spongy way to add spongy touch to the buttons and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control.
Speaker E: And I think we will have to evaluate the product.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables, trends.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's possible.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: And remember as I said last meeting, we really have to build to fashion remote control and the color of the society will be really...
Speaker E: It will be seen in the remote control.
Speaker E: So you will have Baba and David Jordan.
Speaker E: You will have to work together on the prototype.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And you will have next time to show us modeling a clay remote control.
Speaker E: So you will have to model something.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So no more questions.
Speaker D: We can close the session.
Speaker D: Sounds good.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Cool.
None: So.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
