None: Yes, this one?
None: This light.
None: Here are my slides.
None: For participants.
None: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: I'm going to come on.
None: You're doing something?
None: Oh, good.
None: I had the camera in this case.
None: You should have it easier to write.
None: I'll put it in.
None: I'll put it in.
None: Okay, I didn't get it.
None: It's good.
None: You have me.
None: I just saved it.
None: It's for the radius.
None: I need it.
None: You have to save my camera.
None: I'll just open it.
None: You can switch it.
None: Yes.
None: I'll just open it.
None: I'll start off.
None: Okay, you.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Is it on the runway?
None: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, I see everybody's here.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: What's the agenda for this meeting?
Speaker B: I will present the agenda with slides to you.
Speaker B: As you can see here.
Speaker B: Perfect.
Speaker B: So, first, just to mention, I will take notes of this meeting, and I'll try to work them out and give them to you.
Speaker B: So, I'll make notes of the previous meeting, and I was about to send them to you, but then I had to go to this meeting, so you will get them too.
Speaker A: You are the secretary.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker B: I will have worked out some presentations about the task given to you in the previous meeting.
Speaker B: In a minute, we will start with them.
Speaker B: We will see which order.
Speaker B: We will handle them off. Then I will bring in some new requirements.
Speaker B: I got from the account manager. I tried to work them out. They were quite abstract, and we can have maybe have come from discussion about it.
Speaker B: About the functions. Well, in this meeting, we should really try to reach the decision about the target group and the functionality of the...
Speaker A: You mean the social target group?
Speaker B: Yes, I mean, well...
Speaker B: Yes. Who are we going to get?
Speaker B: The customers.
Speaker B: The customers.
Speaker B: Indeed. Yes.
Speaker B: I think that's important.
Speaker C: Great question.
Speaker B: So, and then we will close this meeting, and after this meeting, we will have a lunch.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker B: Maybe...
Speaker B: Why Anna, do you have a press tape?
Speaker B: No, I don't.
Speaker B: You don't have a press tape?
Speaker B: I wasn't.
Speaker C: No?
Speaker B: You are not able to...
Speaker B: I can talk about it, but I have no slides.
Speaker B: Yes. Maybe you can just talk about it, or maybe you can use the whiteboard if necessary.
Speaker C: Well, I have just been presented with some research we have done in a small focus group, so 100 people just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they wanted in remote control.
Speaker C: It's probably got email as to you.
Speaker C: I have just got a webpage with some data on it.
Speaker C: Basically, it's saying that users generally dislike the look and feel of their remote controls.
Speaker C: 75% of users find most remote controls ugly.
Speaker C: 80% of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy.
Speaker C: Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user.
Speaker C: 75% of users said they zap a lot, so they use their remote control quite frequently while they're watching television.
Speaker C: 50% of users say that they only use 10% of the buttons.
Speaker C: So they've got a remote control with a lot of functionality, but really most of the time they only use a small part of that.
Speaker B: Do you have this information on the webpage?
Speaker B: I have a webpage, yes.
Speaker B: Maybe you can send an email to me later.
Speaker B: Yep, sure.
Speaker C: About this.
Speaker C: Basically, there's a breakdown of how much they use the different functions that are remote control.
Speaker C: Power and volume selection are only used a few times within this per hour.
Speaker C: Channel selection is used 168 times.
Speaker C: And then there's things like channel settings, audio settings, which are only used very infrequently.
Speaker C: Kelly Texas used 14 times in the hour, so it is used but not nearly as much as the channel selection is used.
Speaker C: An interesting thing that this report has brought up is that 50% of users report that the remote control gets lost a lot of the time in the room.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, I have to.
Speaker C: So my location in the remote control would be very useful to a lot of users.
Speaker C: 34% said it takes too long to learn to use the remote control that once it's easier to use straight away more intuitive, perhaps.
Speaker A: Easy to learn or do you say?
Speaker C: 34% said it took too much time to learn to use new one.
Speaker C: And 26% said remote controls are bad but RSI. I don't know how we just got about one comment in that.
Speaker C: What did you do?
Speaker C: For RSI, are you prepared to destroy an injury?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: I think that our doctor says that it's the opinion of the user.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what the report says.
Speaker C: And then it's got a demographic breakdown.
Speaker A: You cannot put this webpage online on the...
Speaker C: I should be able to actually. If I'm out of here now.
Speaker D: You can disconnect it then.
Speaker D: You can maybe just...
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. It's a webpage on C.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's a file. Okay.
Speaker A: Otherwise you...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: You can connect this one.
Speaker A: You can connect this one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: What?
Speaker D: What do you have?
Speaker D: It is.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Well.
Speaker A: So these are important numbers that Matthew and I need to take into account for...
Speaker A: Oh, they took a background with us.
Speaker C: It's probably easier if you put on yours than the amount to you.
Speaker C: This is a web link.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: These numbers have to be taken into account for both user interface and functional design.
Speaker C: One thing it goes on to talk about, which is interesting, is the...
Speaker A: Because if there are many numbers and we need to select to constrain our design based on what is more important.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: One thing that's interesting is talking about speech recognition in a row of control.
Speaker A: Speech recognition in?
Speaker C: And who would pay more for that and whether people would find it useful?
Speaker C: Do you have no thought on that?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: I'll just get this up.
Speaker A: So they would not need any button?
Speaker A: Or potentially, yeah.
Speaker A: Or based on speech.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I think even for...
Speaker C: Interesting idea.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think that would not work so well.
Speaker C: You wouldn't have both options.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, it would be a solution for when your remote control is lost.
Speaker B: I mean, when it has speech recognition, then...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Then it doesn't matter where it is.
Speaker B: Well, it should be in range.
Speaker B: Or maybe it can respond and produce sound, so say where it is.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But these are all quite fancy futures.
Speaker B: I'm not sure whether...
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker B: We can make this for 12 euro, 15 cents.
Speaker A: No, you can't.
Speaker A: And we don't know where the state of the earth of speech recognition is.
Speaker A: Maybe, you know...
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker D: Well, it depends.
Speaker D: There is a very small vocabulary where you want to do the operations.
Speaker D: Like, you want to say, on, off, one, two...
Speaker D: But it's quite noisy.
Speaker A: You're doing the TV.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's not going to be so easy, but...
Speaker D: Usually, it's going to be more of an isolated...
Speaker D: Do you have some more?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: But I don't know.
Speaker D: It's 25 cents.
Speaker A: So, yeah, just to summarize maybe the...
Speaker C: This is now talking about who would pay for speech recognition in a remote control, who would pay more for it.
Speaker C: 90% of the 15 to 25 year old market said that they would pay more.
Speaker C: It goes down from there, 76% for 25 to 35, 35 to 45, 22% for 45 to 55, and then 8% for 55 to 65.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Big glare.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It really depends where we're going to be targeting this product, which we'll be talking about later, I think.
Speaker B: Yes, we will talk about this later.
Speaker C: Did you get the email?
Speaker C: Yeah, that one.
Speaker C: Just follow that link.
Speaker A: It'll be in a different window.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Left.
Speaker A: Okay, perfect.
Speaker C: So, that's the biggest I was just talking about there, with the different demographics.
Speaker C: Another thing that's talking about there is the LCD screen, but there's no figures apparently on that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe, can you give your presentation now?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: I stay.
Speaker D: No, you can move.
Speaker B: You can move.
Speaker A: I can move as far as...
Speaker A: Maybe I take your chair.
Speaker B: Yes, you can take my chair.
Speaker B: It's a tenor solution.
Speaker D: How much is that?
Speaker D: It's actually good.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I think, as everybody knows, I'm the industrial designer.
Speaker A: And in this presentation, this quick presentation, is going to focus on the working design of the product.
Speaker A: And I'd like first to give a quick, simple introduction.
Speaker A: How does it work so that everybody knows, even if you don't have a very technical background, or is it, I think, in the project is important.
Speaker A: So, basically, the basic function of the country is to send messages to another system that is fixed.
Speaker A: And so an energy source fits an integrated circuit, the chip, that can compose messages, usually through infrared bits.
Speaker A: And the user interface controls the chip, and accordingly the messages.
Speaker A: So, my method for designing the work design, first, the main point is that I would wish to make a really functional product.
Speaker A: I would prefer to have very functional capabilities, whether than fancy stuff that, in fact, is not used and doesn't work.
Speaker A: So, for that, yeah, it's important to take into account the user requirements from the marketing expert, Anna.
Speaker A: And we should agree on what are the technical functions for this remote control, and I'll show you the working design.
Speaker A: So, basically, here is a very large view of what we want, on a button.
Speaker A: It can be simple, but it's important.
Speaker A: And also enabling the two broad channels, as well as other buttons that come after.
Speaker A: So, the components I quickly draw here is that in this part you have the remote control, the sender, and the other part, the receiver.
Speaker A: So, that's my method is, well, my aim would be to design the, and choose the chips and the infrared components to build the remote control.
Speaker A: So, of course, we need energy sources and other receiver.
Speaker A: This is a very quick design.
Speaker A: You stop me or interrupt me if you don't agree on it on that.
Speaker A: So, what I found, after a lot of work, actually, I draw for you this schema that can be maybe too technical for you, but it's really important for me.
Speaker A: You do it a long time ago.
Speaker A: Oh, well, I won't.
Speaker A: And, see, so I won't go into details about that, but these are my preferences to use the kind of components.
Speaker B: And why do you want this kind of component?
Speaker B: Are they cheap or are they reliable?
Speaker B: What were your...
Speaker A: So, the main components you see here are the cheapest I found and you have always a compromise with reliability and it's expensive, but these ones are also really reliable.
Speaker A: So, yeah, that's it for the working design.
Speaker A: I hope you get clear view on what a remote control is in terms of technical components, but maybe, yeah.
Speaker B: It's more clear now, I think.
Speaker D: But is it... can you just buy it on the market and plug it in or you want to...
Speaker A: No, no, no, no, this is a preference, but we can always change.
Speaker B: What I was thinking about, the schema about the sender and the receiver, can you get back to it?
Speaker B: Yes, the receiver is, of course, already in the television and we are not able to change it.
Speaker B: Of course, yeah.
Speaker B: We must adapt to the receiver.
Speaker A: I suppose there is a standard way of communicating to the television.
Speaker A: We need to adapt to that protocol that already exists, but what we can do is adapting the chips inside to the best chips and infrared bowls.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: OK.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker D: It's just you have to change the frequencies.
Speaker A: The frequencies? Yeah.
Speaker A: Of course, in the chip you have...
Speaker D: But you should be careful people are something becoming a problem like a guy has recently designed a remote with a switch off any other TVs.
Speaker D: Yeah. So basically it goes through all the things, so maybe you should think of...
Speaker D: Of course, yeah, we should take that into account.
Speaker C: Just take the TV in the next apartment through the lab.
Speaker C: So you can just tell us...
Speaker D: Just watch the seat and then switch off everyone's TV and you can just walk away.
Speaker D: You don't have to be near the TV at all.
Speaker B: I like that idea.
Speaker B: I think Miles will consider this thing.
Speaker B: Maybe we can go to your presentation.
Speaker B: Yes, I assume we were finished.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker D: So I can take my...
Speaker D: No, no.
Speaker D: OK.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Well, I...
Speaker D: I can take mine. It's OK.
Speaker D: Well, I...
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: OK.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker B: I know where this...
Speaker D: It's on a desktop. It's a technical...
Speaker D: Oh, OK.
Speaker D: That's all.
Speaker D: That's all. So... I'm going to talk a little bit about the technical function.
Speaker D: So what...
Speaker D: Actually, it's about what is the user going to do?
Speaker D: I think Miles has presented what is going inside.
Speaker D: So what's the user is going to see from the outside and how he's going to use it?
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Well, the approach is that...
Speaker D: Basically, the idea is to send a message to the TV set.
Speaker D: As Miles has pointed, and it will be decoded by the TV.
Speaker D: And usually, we... it is easier to have keys or buttons with which people can press and then...
Speaker D: Changing a button will basically change the message which is being sent to the TV.
Speaker D: And...
Speaker D: And basically, it sends an infinite signal and decoded by the receiver.
Speaker D: So... as... Anna has said that these people are interested in things which are...
Speaker D: You don't need to press the keys.
Speaker D: People can have a speech recognition, but this is a question which we have to see later.
Speaker D: But in the present scenario is that you have certain keys and you press it like your phone.
Speaker D: And it sends a message to the TV.
Speaker D: Yeah. And...
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Generally, I don't have some figures, sorry, but...
Speaker D: So, there are two kinds of remote if you popularly in the household.
Speaker D: Actually, so you have a standard TV remote where you have just an on-off button and play...
Speaker D: Volume change and...
Speaker D: Keys for the number and more than one digit option.
Speaker D: And if you see, for example, right now...
Speaker D: Even the one... more than one digit option is for two digit... which is like 99.
Speaker D: But tomorrow you might have 150 channels, you know, to browse or 200 channels to browse.
Speaker D: Who knows? But... then there is a...
Speaker D: This is a standard one without any fancy thing, you know, like...
Speaker D: It doesn't have to let text option. It can... without any...
Speaker D: It's a very simple thing... which you can browse.
Speaker D: And then you have a... what's the... video remote... which is like...
Speaker D: Usually it has almost all the keys over there, but then it has other options like...
Speaker D: Stop... and then you play the movie or...
Speaker D: Or fast forward the movie or something like that.
Speaker D: So... it has those... so these are the standard commonly found remote controls in the...
Speaker D: market. And then... which is generally used by the people.
Speaker D: And then... well, personal preferences, I would...
Speaker D: Basically think of having a kind of aim for the next generation thing where we could have both...
Speaker D: The... TV and the remote... video remote control, because...
Speaker D: Some of the keys in the videos remote control and the TV...
Speaker D: They could be integrated together so that we could...
Speaker D: Aim for the... like in the coming future...
Speaker D: The type of... applications.
Speaker C: Okay. How would that work? So I've got...
Speaker C: Say maybe a VCR and a TU which is separate.
Speaker C: So on my one at home, I've got a VCR remote which then changes the channel on the VCR...
Speaker C: Yeah. And then the journey on the TV.
Speaker C: Yeah. So is there gonna be like a switch on the remote that says...
Speaker C: Use a TV or use a VCR or does it know which one you want to use?
Speaker D: Actually, you could think of having...
Speaker D: You can have a key which could tell... it could go to the video thing.
Speaker D: But... you still can't... in that case, when you use that, the function should be able to take up the VCR option and you could play it all.
Speaker D: You can also think about having like...
Speaker D: In a few days, you will be in a few coming years.
Speaker D: You might even have a system where you have a separate sitting setup box...
Speaker D: And you have something like...
Speaker D: You don't... you suppose you are not able to watch some program and actually...
Speaker D: It downloading all the time for you and you can just...
Speaker D: You know, when you come back, you can just switch on that thing and watch the program.
Speaker D: In that case, you want to browse fast or browse slow.
Speaker D: You want to have those kind of functionalities.
Speaker D: This is a kind of next generation thing.
Speaker D: But it is going to come in a couple of years.
Speaker B: I think it's already there. I mean, the blog is recorded.
Speaker B: I've seen them in the show.
Speaker D: Yeah. So it's going to record your things and you...
Speaker D: You need basically the functionalities, what you need in both the...
Speaker D: Video as well as in the standard TV thing.
Speaker C: But I don't think we are trying to make a universal remote here.
Speaker C: No, we are not making a universal remote.
Speaker D: We are just looking at giving a scenario.
Speaker D: I have a TV and tomorrow I am going to have a setup box which is going to sit there and...
Speaker D: It's going to do that for me.
Speaker B: We need to decide on how far we go to in this...
Speaker B: I mean, can go pretty far, I think, with functions and possible future...
Speaker D: Yeah. So...
Speaker B: But it's good to keep in mind.
Speaker D: Okay. So that ends my presentation.
Speaker D: So we can always discuss about it.
Speaker D: For example, the video market actually...
Speaker D: This demand, video over demand or what we call it as...
Speaker D: It's presently booming up actually.
Speaker D: So people are providing things like...
Speaker D: Movies you can select actually.
Speaker D: So you want to watch a movie and your provider gives a list of movies.
Speaker D: And then you select those lists.
Speaker D: And it basically you go out, it downloads a movie, it gives for you.
Speaker D: And then when you come, you want to watch it on your TV.
Speaker D: This is going to be...
Speaker A: Or even you don't need to download it streamed online.
Speaker A: Yeah, it can be streamed online for you.
Speaker D: And you can say what time I want to watch.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I have received some points of thinking over of my account manager.
Speaker B: And I would like to share them with you.
Speaker B: First thing is teletext is a well-known feature of televisions.
Speaker B: But it's getting used less and less.
Speaker B: That's especially because of the internet of course.
Speaker B: So we should think about it.
Speaker B: Do we include it?
Speaker B: And do we give it a prominent place on the remote module control itself?
Speaker B: As Anna indicated, it's not used very much, but it is still used.
Speaker B: So do we stay to the television only?
Speaker B: The television as we all know it with broadcasting signals and you can't go back.
Speaker B: Or do we go further as Matthew indicated by supporting recording devices?
Speaker C: So David is in BCS?
Speaker B: Indeed.
Speaker B: And the hardest recorders.
Speaker B: Furthermore, we need to really interest younger customers.
Speaker B: And then with younger customers, I mean people below the age of 40.
Speaker B: And how current customers are mainly 40 plus.
Speaker B: So it is a market, but they will grow older and they always need to have the future with younger people.
Speaker B: Therefore, younger people like friendly designs.
Speaker B: So we should make our city as friendly as possible, but it should also be a reliable image.
Speaker B: So when it looks too spacey or too fancy, people will think, well does it work at all?
Speaker D: Well, you can follow the ideas how you want to keep the keys.
Speaker D: You know, if you take it, you have like 0, 1, 2, 3, like keys separately.
Speaker D: But suppose if you take the present end of mobile phones, there are like big thick keys.
Speaker D: You press on the top, it takes one number, you press on the bottom, you take another number.
Speaker D: So the space covered, so you don't see two separate keys there actually.
Speaker D: So it is like, maybe you can draw it on the board.
Speaker C: I think taking the idea of getting inspiration from mobile phones is interesting.
Speaker C: Especially if we're going after a younger market.
Speaker A: That's already used to that.
Speaker C: The new and the funky things.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's lots of very pretty mobile phones, not too many pretty remote controls.
Speaker B: And they're skilled by using it.
Speaker D: So for example, for example, you have a key like 1, 2, 3 like this.
Speaker D: And you can have keys like this form like that.
Speaker D: How much longer have we got for the meeting by the way?
Speaker C: Because you have to have a demographic at all, that's a very important issue.
Speaker D: So you can have keys like, which are like, so, sorry.
Speaker D: So you basically don't change the original order of them.
Speaker D: But then the keys are more spacious, they don't look, so there is a very slight thing.
Speaker D: So if you press on the top, it takes the 1, it takes the 3, 4, sorry, 4 here, 5 or 6.
Speaker D: So the keys can be, it looks, you know, not very much cluttered.
Speaker D: But it looks nice.
Speaker D: You don't have too many keys, but you can have a lot of options.
Speaker D: I think now the idea is clear.
Speaker B: We should now try to decide on our direct group.
Speaker C: Yeah, which I think is quite tricky.
Speaker C: Basically we're trying to get people to buy remote control.
Speaker C: Wouldn't they already have a remote control with their television when they buy one?
Speaker B: Of course they have already one.
Speaker B: So our remote control has to be better.
Speaker C: But it's not going to have more functionality because it's only a low market, it's a cheap end or a control. We can't beat them on functionality.
Speaker C: We might be able to beat them on the look of it, the design of it.
Speaker C: But that's not a big seller.
Speaker C: If they're not going to just go and buy a new remote control, just because it looks pretty.
Speaker C: They have to actually need it as well.
Speaker C: So I'm not sure how we can get people to buy this thing.
Speaker B: Well, I think many people said in your research the appearance of the RC is important when they're buying one.
Speaker C: But why are they buying one in the first place?
Speaker C: Indeed.
Speaker B: So that will be about functionality.
Speaker C: But if people are buying new remote control for functionality, they'll buy a universe remote.
Speaker C: I've got friends who have got so many things they need a universe remote, otherwise they're using five different modes of their older things.
Speaker C: In that case they wouldn't buy our product because it doesn't give them what they need in terms of functionality.
Speaker B: So you think we should go for a more universal type of thing?
Speaker C: Well, we can't with the price range.
Speaker C: We're not building a universe remote, we're not building a high-end product.
Speaker A: But we will think about what we're buying.
Speaker A: Yeah, we have 12.5 euros per RC.
Speaker A: And I think with this, now you know the chips are very cheap.
Speaker A: And we can include it in our control some new features.
Speaker A: But yeah.
Speaker C: If we're getting into universal remote territory, we're getting to LCD screens and things like that, which would drive the cost up a lot.
Speaker B: I don't know whether that's necessary.
Speaker B: I don't think the university is necessary.
Speaker B: I think this could be a market because universal remote controls tend to be quite expensive.
Speaker B: And quite complicated to use.
Speaker B: So we can try to go in between and offer a product which is not as expensive and not as complicated.
Speaker B: No, it's flexible maybe.
Speaker B: But still people have the idea that this is more functional than a normal universal RC because it has more...
Speaker B: It's some kind of universal.
Speaker C: But if we're going for the say 15 to 25 age group, then not many that would actually own TVs to use the remote control on.
Speaker B: Yes, we're targeting I think more on the 20 to 40 group.
Speaker B: So people would just have or already have a job and have the money, but may not want to spend that much money on a universal.
Speaker C: I don't know really what the price range rate control is.
Speaker C: Are we going to be at the very bottom of the price range or are we kind of middle to bottom?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: Well, I think when we think it over I think we are trying to offer the kind of universal control for less money.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So do you agree?
Speaker D: Well, it's fine with me.
Speaker D: Like the price as long as it is not too expensive.
Speaker A: Yeah, because we have to take into account that we're going to sell around 4 million.
Speaker A: So when we speak about these numbers, the price of a cheap is very cheap.
Speaker A: So I'm okay for designing less, a kind of universal RC.
Speaker B: You think it's possible for the 12, your 50?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So then we decide on going to this more universal kind of control.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: That's what we need and basically that's needed right now.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's needed.
Speaker C: Basically you can look through the standard.
Speaker C: And you've found together market really needed that.
Speaker C: So I guess what I'd like for my university remote is maybe choosing between three devices, being able to switch between them, maybe stereo, VCR and TV.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker C: And just be able to use them all from the same remote, but not at the same time.
Speaker D: You can also browse through all the standards, you know.
Speaker D: There are the limited standards for all of them and you can just browse through them.
Speaker B: So given we are going for this universal type, maybe it's good when you try to find out and you definitely need it and you will try to get more specific user interface consent.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And maybe you can look on what trends are in this type of market.
Speaker B: Well, yeah.
Speaker B: So anyone has a point to bring in or shall we?
Speaker D: Oh, I don't have anything right now.
Speaker D: That's right.
Speaker D: We'll go and we'll be sure we'll come up with something good for you.
Speaker D: Yes, we can have plans now.
Speaker B: So, yeah, so we'll meet in the next meeting.
Speaker B: We'll often learn to do a few things.
Speaker B: We have 30 minutes of work and then we'll have the next meeting.
Speaker B: But you will inform fire at the computer.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Perfect.
Speaker A: We'll do it.
None: Okay.
