None: I guess you can do it.
Speaker B: Did you get my email with the stats?
None: I'm going to change off.
None: I'm going to change off soon.
None: You're all right.
None: It's okay.
Speaker A: I'm going to change off soon.
None: You're all right.
None: It's okay.
None: I guess I have to change the pen otherwise.
None: Can you come through to it?
None: Don't know.
Speaker A: Maybe the pen is supposed to go over the seats.
Speaker A: Maybe the seat is four rather than the person.
Speaker B: Do you think?
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: I'm going to do this.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: I'm going to do this.
Speaker B: I'm going to do this.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm going to do this.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So, Marshall is late again.
Speaker F: Probably an important man.
Speaker F: So, well, it is important for him to be here.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So, what I do?
Speaker F: You did work together.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I would be able to summarize our meeting.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I think it would be very important if the as main designer will be important that he is here.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker A: Basically, we designed two items.
Speaker F: Yes, but we...
Speaker A: Can we have a phone or can someone...
Speaker F: Yes, we should phone him.
Speaker F: It's really well designed.
Speaker F: When he's not here, we will just have to continue.
Speaker F: So, just for a record, I will take notes again.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker F: And...
Speaker F: Well...
Speaker F: First thing, I was...
Speaker F: I got an email from my superior again that we really should stay within the budget.
Speaker F: The budget of the 12 euro and 50 cents.
Speaker F: He said to me, well, when you stay in, it's good.
Speaker F: When you don't stay in, you have to redesign.
Speaker F: There is no negotiation possible in this matter.
Speaker F: So, we have to consider that.
Speaker F: Good.
Speaker F: So, maybe Anna, you can have your first thing.
Speaker B: Oh, we had an evaluation until we had a design.
None: Hello.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Nice to meet you.
Speaker F: Nice to meet you.
Speaker F: Sure.
Speaker F: Great, great.
Speaker F: Well, maybe then you can start now with your designs.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I will start by the basic one that fits into eight euros, actually.
Speaker A: Right, seven, eight euros.
Speaker A: And, well, first, for both, they have a special shape.
Speaker A: Maybe the designer can explain better than me.
Speaker A: But it's like a surfboard.
Speaker A: And you are supposed to surf to browse, to surf TV, maybe the web.
Speaker A: And it's kind of interesting shape because unconsciously, people want to surf.
Speaker A: And also, it's not too far from a mobile.
Speaker A: So, people are used to that kind of shape.
Speaker A: Don't take care too much about the color because we will...
Speaker A: No, we are supposed to give some offers.
Speaker A: So, here would be basically the infrared eye.
Speaker A: Hi.
Speaker A: Let the LED...
Speaker A: The on-off button.
Speaker A: Here would be the volume on the left.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, easy to turn on and off.
Speaker A: And so, this is a very cheap version.
Speaker A: So, there are...
Speaker A: Maybe you can carry on with you.
Speaker C: Also, you have browsing the channels, actually.
Speaker C: So, you can go up and down the channels.
Speaker C: If you have a video or something, it can forward.
Speaker A: How can you change from VCR to TV, by the way?
Speaker C: Oh, no, no, no.
Speaker C: This is a model with just a TV one.
Speaker C: No, no, sorry.
Speaker C: This is a standard TV one.
Speaker C: We are not talking about that.
Speaker C: So, and then we have usually...
Speaker C: There are 12 keys, but we know that we have only 10 digits.
Speaker C: And then we have an extra two for having...
Speaker C: Or giving an option for having more than one channel.
Speaker C: And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to go out through from that.
Speaker B: Okay, so, it's a very basic...
Speaker C: It's a very basic minimal thing which is also available in the market.
Speaker C: Actually, that's what it is that they...
Speaker C: And it costs us to build this about 8 euros.
Speaker F: Except for the special shape, the surfing board.
Speaker F: It has a quite conventional layout of buttons.
Speaker C: So, this one model and...
Speaker C: Can I say?
Speaker C: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: Yeah, I like the volume control.
Speaker C: That's good.
Speaker C: This is a magic one, but right now we don't want to talk about that.
Speaker C: It is a very futuristic.
Speaker C: It's like a brain, machine interface and all this stuff.
Speaker C: We are thinking about it in the future.
Speaker C: It can come.
Speaker C: So, it doesn't actually have buttons.
Speaker C: So, that...
Speaker C: Then what we look...
Speaker C: Do you want to say?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: This is a model, yeah.
None: I just...
Speaker F: Look how it feels.
Speaker F: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: It really feels like...
Speaker F: Like a mobile phone.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Just sign.
Speaker F: Yeah, see.
Speaker F: I really want to talk to it.
Speaker F: But...
Speaker F: Yeah, you want to talk to that?
Speaker F: So, but you continue with your gr...
Speaker C: So, well, then the...
Speaker C: This is a more...
Speaker C: A little...
Speaker C: A smooth and it gives you a lot of functionality in this way.
Speaker C: So, all we have...
Speaker C: You see that there are only 6 keys, but don't worry.
Speaker C: They are doing the job of tool keys actually here.
Speaker C: And so, they have more space, actually.
Speaker C: And it's easy to...
Speaker C: Use this.
Speaker C: And...
Speaker C: You have a...
Speaker C: So, this is a standard URL infra-red I.
Speaker C: And then you have a power button.
Speaker C: It should volume what you have.
Speaker C: And then, other than that, you have a channel up and down and the flow of pause or...
Speaker C: Slow-those.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And then, you have LCD display here.
Speaker C: And this is the functional thing which can change, like...
Speaker C: It's a toggle switch, which could change the function.
Speaker C: Say...
Speaker C: It's a DVD player to tell if it's easy.
Speaker C: Yeah, I can change it to...
Speaker C: Instead of having many switches.
Speaker F: And then you get feedback, fire, LCD...
Speaker C: LCD can display, what is that on that?
Speaker C: And...
Speaker C: Well, you can have an integrated microphone over here.
Speaker C: This is the...
Speaker C:... or an button here.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Which can...
Speaker C: Basically, you want to do a speech recognition and the channel or whatever information can be displayed here directly on the...
Speaker C:...on your display.
Speaker C: And here is a...
Speaker C:... small LED, which is like blinking one, which tells you like...
Speaker C: Are you running out of the battery and which is...
Speaker C:... can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And...
Speaker C: Well, then we have a cover, basically.
Speaker C: Basically, you don't need much other time this.
Speaker C: When you need, you can use it.
Speaker C: And this gives additional fascinating that tomorrow you want, you can add a tactile thing to this cover, you know.
Speaker C: For example, design and...
Speaker F: But...
Speaker F: But...
Speaker F:... India...
Speaker F:... when this is closed...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F:... will also cover up the LCD screen.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's basically to do that.
Speaker F: But the LCD screen, I mean, is a very...
Speaker F:...
Speaker F:... well, an eye-attracting feature with...
Speaker F: Actually, when you're watching the TV...
Speaker C: Actually...
Speaker C: When you're watching anything or listening to them, you hardly care about what is getting displayed here, you know.
Speaker C: You want to...
Speaker C:... and this gives a protection to the LCD, actually, giving a cover to that, actually.
Speaker C: It gives a protection because when it falls down or something...
Speaker C:... it is...
Speaker C: It's more robust.
Speaker C: It's more robust that way.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And you have very good chances.
Speaker A: It's low weight.
Speaker A: You have to see.
Speaker A: The components we put inside it is very low weight.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So the cost is actually a bit more.
Speaker A: It's...
Speaker A: It's 16 frames.
Speaker C: 16 euros.
Speaker A: 16 euros, okay.
Speaker B: So that's where outside the budget then.
Speaker A: Then it's out of budget.
Speaker A: The main point we talk about that with our manufacturer.
Speaker A: And they say basically that the ASR system would be...
Speaker A:... something like three frames per item.
Speaker A: Three euros.
Speaker A: So you also...
Speaker A: That's on top of the 16 or is it part of that?
Speaker B: No, no, no, part of that.
Speaker B: So it takes it down to 13 euros without the state check ignition?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, if you can have...
Speaker C: If you have new more ideas, we can add new more...
Speaker C:... some more keys if you want to, you know.
Speaker C: I think...
Speaker A: Yeah, we should stick with a number of keys because if we add too much...
Speaker A: Yeah, it should not be clapped, turning up everything.
Speaker C: What's this one on the side?
Speaker C: That's for the... it's kind of a LED for indicating your battery.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And as well as it's like a blinking one, you can keep it the same.
Speaker B: I like the shape of them.
Speaker B: I do like the size and the shape.
Speaker F: Before talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible, maybe you can give us your...
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products, both of these two.
Speaker F: Yes, the evaluation and also the evaluation criteria.
Speaker F: So what is important to look at?
Speaker B: Best guess what we've talked about already.
Speaker B: From the marketing point of view, we just want to make sure that we've taken into account...
Speaker B: Well, just...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F:... do it quickly if we all already...
Speaker B: So it's just a short list of criteria on the things that we identified as being important to selling the product.
Speaker B: We just go through these and rate them as a group, and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that.
Speaker B: So I just average this score of those items.
Speaker B: So these are the things we're identified as being important.
Speaker B: The three things were look and feel, innovation and ease of use.
Speaker B: They're three important components.
Speaker B: Appealing to the correct demographic.
Speaker B: So using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic.
Speaker B: And then following the company motto, following the fashion trends and putting the end of the product as well.
Speaker B: So we'll go through and put through those on the two products now and discuss them further and then evaluate them.
Speaker F: No, why not discuss it now?
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker B: So I've just got through on the whiteboard, I guess.
Speaker B: I'm just going to come in.
Speaker B: So the first one was really very far below budget.
Speaker B: Would you want to take the price down of the end product according to that or just have a high profit on it?
Speaker B: It was running a make up to eight euros and we have a...
Speaker F: Well, my personal view is when this one is eight euros, we must think how can we improve it.
Speaker F: And then, I mean, you must just see it as we can still spend this four and a half euro.
Speaker F: And because the selling price is already quite fixed on 25 euros.
Speaker F: So we just have to offer as much as value for the customer he can have for 25 euro.
Speaker B: Okay, so looking for innovation.
Speaker B: So bad.
Speaker C: And now it's easy to use.
Speaker A: Easy to use.
Speaker A: Ojon's target.
Speaker A: And trends.
Speaker B: Are we following the idea of using the removable covers on these?
Speaker B: Is that part of my thumb?
Speaker F: We can still discuss that.
Speaker F: And together with evaluating this, we might come with new ideas in adding things or removing options because they are too expensive.
Speaker F: I've received a framework which we can do this.
Speaker F: This is the latest price of our production unit for several components.
Speaker F: So we can see whether the price is within the 12 euro worth 50 cents.
Speaker F: So maybe we can start with this calling this one.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: So that's the thing.
Speaker F: This is the first design.
Speaker B: Another one's green.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay, so look and feel.
Speaker B: Well, one is a brick and a pen again.
Speaker B: There is another pen.
Speaker B: Yeah, get that one.
Speaker B: One's bad and seven's the best.
Speaker B: So one's true and seven's false.
Speaker B: One's the best.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So I'll just gather one to seven.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So look and feel.
Speaker F: Well, you already feel it pretty much, I think.
Speaker F: In my opinion, if you really feel it's very good.
Speaker F: It's very good in your hand.
Speaker F: So I would consider two or maybe even one for feels.
Speaker F: But that's just half.
Speaker F: We should also consider the look.
Speaker F: And then it looks quite conventional.
Speaker F: Don't you agree?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: On the scale, it's between functional and fancy.
Speaker B: Basically, we're looking at.
Speaker F: So say five.
Speaker F: It's my opinion, but I don't know what to do.
Speaker C: Well, I will give it to my wife.
Speaker C: We have any way the way we have designed this like the surf.
Speaker C: As we say, you know, it doesn't look as fine, but still, I will give four in that game.
Speaker C: Yeah, four maybe.
Speaker F: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: Then we should have one for.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: Yeah.
None: That's not.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Can you maybe fix the other?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: You should print like this, not like this.
Speaker A: When you.
Speaker C: No, it's the.
Speaker C: No, can you get the batteries?
Speaker C: No, no, that's falling down.
Speaker B: That's not the ink.
Speaker B: That one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's not the ink.
Speaker B: That's the, that, that one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's not.
Speaker C: No, no, it's not that.
Speaker C: It's here to close the battery.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: No, it should be.
Speaker C: No, I think it's lost a battery.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: It's right.
Speaker B: No, it's.
Speaker B: It's still right, but it wouldn't pick it up with the sensors.
Speaker C: I think that another battery there.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: You got a second.
Speaker B: Troy.
Speaker F: Oh, we got a tell.
Speaker F: Yes, it has a.
Speaker F: Perfect.
Speaker B: Is that working?
Speaker B: Did it come out?
Speaker F: Good.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker B: Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working.
Speaker B: It's just normal whiteboard marker, but it wouldn't be picked up in the actual whiteboard.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So.
Speaker F: Then then.
Speaker B: The other one.
None: Wow.
None: I think it's slightly better.
Speaker B: It's hard to tell from us the first scene, but.
Speaker F: When we want to include, I'm doubting about this component.
Speaker F: It breaks in your game.
Speaker C: No, actually, this is not going to protrude, actually.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: It's not a button.
Speaker A: It's a lead.
Speaker C: It's a lead, actually, which will be coming in a call.
Speaker A: Actually, yeah, it should be embedded.
Speaker A: It should be embedded there.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So it won't be really, you know, protruding or something.
Speaker A: You can push it again.
Speaker A: You can push it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The other thing is, it's the left hand one protruding because if people are left handed, the one needs other hands.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It works so well.
Speaker C: No, it's not protruding, actually.
Speaker C: It'll go embedded into that.
Speaker B: Well, I'd say two or three for that one, personally.
Speaker B: Which was three than two.
Speaker F: I think the look is better, but the feel is worse.
Speaker F: So I would also say this is four.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: But what do you think?
Speaker C: Oh, it's fine.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker C: No, just that the feel is that you, right now you don't see the feel because, I don't follow them, but if you press it quite inside, now like this.
Speaker C: Now it's embedded one.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: This is how the embedded one is.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's basically the same shape.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's basically the same thing, actually.
Speaker C: You will be.
Speaker C: Except that in this...
Speaker C: The very CD makes it better.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: And you may have a slight thing for to follow.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's definitely more fancy than that one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I would say two or three.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So consensus, two or three?
Speaker F: Two.
Speaker F: Two.
None: Yeah, two is good, yes.
Speaker B: So two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Innovation.
Speaker B: First one.
Speaker A: There is no innovation.
Speaker A: The first one compared to what exists in the market.
Speaker C: No, but except for the design of the surf.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: What feature should we actually include?
Speaker B: Including a location kind of thing?
Speaker B: I'm trying to find it.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: I think it's one of the feel.
Speaker B: But there's no actual innovation in that at all.
Speaker B: It's just a straight out remote control.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: The only innovation is to shape.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So there's no...
Speaker B: That's a looking field thing though.
Speaker B: It's not a technological innovation.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I'd be up for seven for innovation.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: And the second one is really state of the art.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: In terms of innovation.
Speaker A: And with many more functionalities, can open and impose the...
Speaker A: Yeah, it is.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: LCD screens.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: That's...
Speaker F: Well, quite.
Speaker A: Any of the squirting buttons and menu and programmable device behind this.
Speaker A: You could put it at one or two.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: That's not right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So what are the innovations?
Speaker B: This got the LCD screen.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Automatics feature recognition.
Speaker A: Is that in this one though?
Speaker B: Is this...
Speaker B: Because this is the...
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: There were two different options we discussed then.
Speaker B: We discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget.
Speaker F: We discussed it as you all designed it and then we all tried it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So the cost for these were...
Speaker B: Get in the budget.
Speaker B: What was the cost for the first one?
Speaker B: Eight euros?
None: Eight.
Speaker A: Actually, we have to check again.
Speaker A: Yeah, I do.
Speaker B: And this one was 16 euros.
Speaker C: 16 euros.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Innovation for this one is two.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker C: It's not two.
Speaker C: I would say two.
Speaker A: Two.
Speaker A: And to be one, what would we do in it?
Speaker A: Actually, I don't see...
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: One would be without a button.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, this feature recognition is a very good innovation.
Speaker B: I believe it's a...
Speaker B: So maybe...
Speaker F: It's a...
Speaker F: With the speech recognition.
Speaker A: It's using speech recognition.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Give that.
Speaker F: Give it a one.
Speaker B: It works.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Then it's...
Speaker F: I see one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Ease abuse.
Speaker A: So the first one is re-standouts, so everybody...
Speaker A: Is used to it, yeah.
Speaker A: Can use it.
Speaker C: They are used to it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So that's maybe a two for ease abuse.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Here, the main...
Speaker A: The other one is quite easy.
Speaker A: Though...
Speaker C: Though it has more functionality, I think it shouldn't be for the user to learn it, actually.
Speaker B: So maybe a three or four.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Actually, in fact, I think it will be...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe sometimes people get scared with the number of buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah, but...
Speaker A: There's...
Speaker A: Like I would say three...
Speaker A: Four.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, we have reduced the key, actually.
Speaker C: You see.
Speaker C: Three is fine.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because it's...
Speaker A: It's not like a big one with 100 buttons.
Speaker C: Actually, the user has to put some effort to do use that, actually.
Speaker C: It's not so easy.
Speaker C: Like this one, the normal.
Speaker F: Yeah, but then when he used to it, it's quite easy.
Speaker F: It's quite easy.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Initially there, there was a lot of effort.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker B: So three, how will it go to the target demographic?
Speaker B: So we're still thinking 20 to 40 year olds?
Speaker A: 20 to 40, yes.
Speaker A: This one would be for grandmothers.
Speaker C: No, this would...
Speaker C: I would give this model to the whole people.
Speaker C: Yeah, one mother's, yeah.
Speaker B: So it completely changed our demographic there.
Speaker B: It's not part of the funky young thing.
Speaker B: Except for the surfing shape.
Speaker B: I mean, that's something with...
Speaker F: As an appeal on this group, I think...
Speaker B: If it was the very bottom price range, it was like between this and another one, which did the same thing.
Speaker B: Then I can imagine it being a part of the demographic, yeah.
Speaker B: But it's still...
Speaker F: After this, we can consider, for instance, making this more attractive to the demographic.
Speaker B: So I've got room, but some budget there to add a few things to it.
Speaker F: But as it is now, I would say...
Speaker F: Six?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Do you agree?
Speaker C: I like the movie.
Speaker C: Yeah, because it's so important.
Speaker A: It was written that it was so important, the look and taking care of.
Speaker A: It targets the right range of people.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: But if you sell it in the market, it's going to be cheap, actually.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But it's going to be cheap, whatever, though.
Speaker B: It was set with it.
Speaker C: And people can still decide to use a cheaper one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Instead of a...
Speaker A: But for us, we have a concern that we need to sell at 25 euros.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: There's nothing that would make me spend an extra few euros in that one rather than another one.
Speaker F: Just paying 25 euros.
Speaker F: I mean, it's not going to be cheaper.
Speaker C: Okay, so in that case, well, it's fine.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: And the demographic of the second one?
Speaker C: The demographic of the...
Speaker B: It's got the toys in it.
Speaker B: It's got the LCD screen.
Speaker F: I think it's better because of the LCD screen, which really can appeal only on the...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F:... on the yep sign on the...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And if you want to target...
Speaker A: Yeah, if we wish to sell four millions of this, I think for these agents, we need absolutely the LCD screen.
Speaker A: Mm-hmm.
Speaker F: So, you also need screen tracks.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: Especially if we can have an LCD screen and a low range product and that's good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: Maybe that's something to consider.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So, what...
Speaker B: I'd probably go with three again for that one.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it has more market.
Speaker C: Even one and two.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You know, I've saved you two.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Two.
Speaker C: Two, yeah.
Speaker C: Tomorrow, this will be more appealing because you can add a lot of investigation on that.
Speaker C: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: Because then you have it...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You have a lot of things which you can include for the people.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And especially, I guess, this is the speech recognition as well.
Speaker B: And that makes it more appealing, it's more of a new fun toy.
Speaker C: We have to practically test it.
Speaker C: The field test will tell you how good...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: Okay, you find a point.
Speaker F: And...
Speaker B:... that's fine.
Speaker B: So, the trends were the fruit and vegetables and there's bungee feel.
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker B: So, as it is, not really doing either of them.
Speaker A: I think spongy...
Speaker A:... that means that it goes in the water.
Speaker B: Well, spongy could be part of the field of the buttons as well.
Speaker B: I know some...
Speaker B:... who tried the mobile phones that have got the kind of spongy buttons?
Speaker B: Not exactly spongy, but...
Speaker B: I'm thinking one of the knockiest, it's got like...
Speaker B:... you can't...
Speaker B:... have got individual buttons, it's got just a...
Speaker B:... bit on it and so it can...
Speaker B:... that feels kind of spongy.
Speaker A: This one includes this feature, right?
Speaker A: Spongy buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's sort of...
Speaker C: Yeah, it's sort of...
Speaker C:... that way it can be.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: And maybe in the corner we can make it...
Speaker A:... a foot and a veggie.
Speaker B: But that's if you're using the covers.
Speaker F: And then we can...
Speaker F: Oh, is this...
Speaker F: Yes, we can consider...
Speaker F: Is it possible, do you think, to make a cover for such a phone?
Speaker B: Well, they make up for mobile, so it can't be that much more.
Speaker C: I do want to cover that, actually.
Speaker F: Just with a flexible plastic...
Speaker B: So you've got the option of having different colours or different textures?
Speaker B: This is possible.
Speaker C: Uh...
Speaker C:... it's...
Speaker C:... any shows?
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it should be possible, like what you do with the mobile.
Speaker F: Or just two things which can be put on each other.
Speaker F: Yeah, if I do like...
Speaker A:... not careful.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah, I do like it.
Speaker F: Alright.
Speaker F: So...
Speaker F:... maybe we can...
Speaker F:... but we have to decide that we can put the...
Speaker F:... fancy look of vegetables, for instance, to do these covers.
Speaker F: And now try to invest in the features.
Speaker F: I think the...
Speaker B:... if we do the covers, that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in electronics.
Speaker B: It lets you follow the latter's fashion.
Speaker B: Even next year when Frid and Besh will not be out, you'll still be able to cover that and then it'll still be in fashion.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because sometimes, look at this computer.
Speaker A: This laptop is all black.
Speaker A: And it's quite conventional.
Speaker A: And sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours, like...
Speaker A:... there's some presented here.
Speaker A: So maybe we could do...
Speaker A:... like in the range of the set of...
Speaker A:... what we propose, a black one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Very standard one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And then the requirements of such people that want to really stand out things.
Speaker B: And then you have the option of having different colours.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: So that would make the trends equal, so we...
Speaker F:... we really don't have...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's the feature that could be included in either of them.
Speaker B: Although it is more with the spandy buttons on the other ones.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: So a point better for the...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker B: Two and three, or one or two?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker D: Say one, two.
Speaker F: One, two.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker F: So I like to see...
Speaker F:... so...
Speaker F:... these are one of the spandy buttons.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker A: So there's...
Speaker A:... one of the spandy.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker F: I see.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So the average of that is...
Speaker B:... three, six, nine, about a five.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B:... just added.
Speaker F: One by six.
Speaker B: One by six.
Speaker B: One by six.
Speaker B: One by five.
Speaker B: One by six.
Speaker C: One by eight, yeah.
Speaker B: This one, eleven, thirteen, nineteen, twenty-one.
Speaker B: Oh, five is four point two.
Speaker B: One point two.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: But we still have a very different price to those two.
Speaker B: So they're not really comparable yet anyway.
Speaker F: We must try to get them closer.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Both of them here.
Speaker F: Or we just have to choose and adapt.
Speaker F: Because when we choose for this one, we have to...
Speaker F:... we have to make it more attractive.
Speaker F: And when we choose for this one, we have to make it more cheap.
Speaker B: Well, it's easy to make that one cheaper by just taking this bit recognition out.
Speaker B: That'll basically take us down to the budget.
Speaker F: But I...
Speaker F: Now, did you work with the same prices as I have here?
Speaker A: So I give, you know, I just give a call with the money fixture and I expand them and they turn me.
Speaker A: This could be possible for six euros.
Speaker A: Unfortunately, we didn't see this shit.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Matthew.
Speaker A: So maybe we have to recap with this one.
Speaker C: Have you had to reconsider everything with this?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: Well, yes.
Speaker F: Well, you reconsider.
Speaker F: So let's try to model this phone in this heat.
Speaker F: What kind of energy source?
Speaker F: We didn't speak about that.
Speaker F: It's a normal battery or...
Speaker C: Yeah, it might... it'll need more than a conventional one.
Speaker C: It won't be a... just...
Speaker C: Maybe you might use a AA battery actually.
Speaker C: What do you say?
Speaker A: For this one, it's a normal battery.
Speaker F: Yes, just one battery.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Electronics.
Speaker F: Now, given speech recognition, I think you should go for your fans chip.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Some person.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Simple sensor, yes.
Speaker F: Simple.
Speaker F: Yeah, this one.
Speaker F: Yes, this one.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Case.
Speaker F: Um...
Speaker F: So...
Speaker F: Cloud...
Speaker C: Double Cloud, yeah.
Speaker C: I see.
Speaker C: Double car.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's going to be more than just the basic case, definitely.
Speaker A: So which one are we talking to?
Speaker C: Are you talking about these or that?
Speaker C: Yes, we are talking about...
Speaker F: But they have the same shape, but...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it's going to be not basic cases.
Speaker F: So this would be double carves?
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker F: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker F: Uh, Plashtik would be a...
Speaker F: Yeah, the basic one.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker A: Zero.
Speaker A: Zero French.
Speaker C: Special carves.
Speaker C: Uh...
Speaker F: Special car, now we leave to the carves.
Speaker B: Uh...
Speaker B: So now we're going...
Speaker B: Bush Button or LCD...
Speaker B: LCD display.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I see the display.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's okay.
Speaker B: Just say, LCD display.
Speaker B: Is that price per unit or for the whole...
Speaker F: Yeah, now this is per unit.
Speaker F: So with names...
Speaker C: There's a number of components.
Speaker C: Yeah, we made me the scroll.
Speaker C: We'll write for that.
Speaker A: No, but for this one, it's true.
Speaker C: No, for that one also.
Speaker A: The author?
Speaker A: So, yeah, that's the scroll.
Speaker F: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
Speaker F: Yes, well, probably.
Speaker F: So this comes to 18.
Speaker B: And that's without any special button supplements.
Speaker C: Yeah, one scroll really.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker B: So we'd have special colour, special form, special material, and all of them.
Speaker B: I don't understand about them.
Speaker F: So, I think...
Speaker F: But do you agree that this...
Speaker F: Wait a minute.
Speaker A: It's not double curved.
Speaker A: It's single curved, right?
Speaker A: Because there is no...
Speaker A: But I thought it would be curved on too.
Speaker B: So it's curved on the size and curved on the top of the bottom.
Speaker B: Yes, I understand what you mean here.
Speaker E: I understand what you mean here.
Speaker A: So, there is only...
Speaker A: There is nothing like...
Speaker A: You know, in the other stuff...
Speaker A: You're talking about concave curves.
Speaker A: Yeah, concave.
Speaker A: So I think we can put...
Speaker A: You think a single curved?
Speaker A: A single curved, like 16.
Speaker A: That makes 17.
Speaker A: And whether the...
Speaker A: Buttons, we have tried buttons, are you sure?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: We have more, we've got the scroll wheel on the side.
Speaker B: So I had a bad extension.
Speaker A: Bad extension.
Speaker A: Bad extension.
Speaker A: We have...
Speaker F: We haven't talked about a lot, but that's not...
Speaker F: A lot is very inexpensive, I believe, but it's not in the list.
Speaker B: We've got a scroll wheel for the bottom, don't we?
Speaker B: Or is it some other thing that's not on there?
Speaker F: Is this a scroll wheel or is this a sort of button which can be pressed on two sides?
Speaker F: So far.
Speaker B: Okay, we've only got five minutes left, guys, so we need to wrap it up pretty fast.
Speaker A: Yes, you can scroll to it.
Speaker B: So this is more than the...
Speaker B: And the cost you gave for 16 years?
Speaker A: Okay, so based on that, yeah.
Speaker A: Where is that?
Speaker A: Yes, I'll get some of this picture.
Speaker C: That is the sample sensor and sample speaker.
Speaker F: So...
Speaker A: Let's do that.
Speaker C: We just need that, actually.
Speaker C: Where... we need one.
Speaker F: We could go for the... for the... for a simple chip, but then we can't have the speech recognition, yes?
Speaker A: No, we can't, yeah.
Speaker A: So when we...
Speaker F: But this would be cutting the speech recognition.
Speaker A: Yeah, but if you have the near-the-rcd, you can choose... select between... you know, universal between audio, TV and VCR.
Speaker A: And this needs a... needs an advanced chip.
Speaker A: Transchip.
Speaker A: Right?
Speaker A: Hi.
Speaker A: Oh, you're on a chip?
Speaker C: I think it's going to be...
Speaker A: I think it's going to be...
Speaker A: I think it's regular.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's going to be...
Speaker A: You can do that.
Speaker F: With the regular chip, yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's a regular chip.
Speaker F: Yeah, it's a regular chip.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a regular chip.
Speaker A: So... and what about the number of buttons?
Speaker F: Just... that... maybe...
Speaker F: Well, we can just say...
Speaker F: Matthew.
Speaker E: Uh...
Speaker A: What is this?
Speaker A: When...
Speaker A: When you look at this... this... item...
Speaker C: Yeah?
Speaker F: Okay, look, we just... when we just want to... to cut the number of buttons, we have to make 7 to fit in 12... 1250.
Speaker F: So is it possible?
Speaker B: I... but the 7 basic buttons... or 7 buttons that any adds on...
Speaker B: Without special colors or form or material.
Speaker C: Well, we... then we have to ask the user to press itself.
Speaker A: You're gonna make a phone to your boss saying 2550 is really...
Speaker A: Pffft...
Speaker A: Ha ha ha ha ha ha...
Speaker F: No, no, no, ha ha ha...
Speaker B: Ah ha...
Speaker B: So the LCD place is three francs.
Speaker B: Sorry, three euros.
Speaker B: Five-sef.
Speaker A: And we don't want to change that right.
Speaker A: And we really want to add the LCD otherwise we wouldn't get the market.
Speaker A: Otherwise...
Speaker F: You are very normal...
Speaker F:...thing like this.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: So... 12 euro 50.
Speaker B: We got two off of the battery.
Speaker B: We can't do anything about that.
Speaker B: So, 1050.
Speaker B: What else do you have to write the display?
Speaker B: That's 750.
Speaker B: So, a 750 to use for the case and for the buttons.
Speaker E: And the chips.
Speaker B: So, the chips.
Speaker B: Up there already.
Speaker B: So, we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget.
Speaker B: There's no doubt about that.
Speaker A: So, what each of us think about the...
Speaker A:...because it's a major point in the LCD.
Speaker A: Do you think it's important?
Speaker C: Oh, we could even replace them by buttons.
Speaker A: Because sometimes when you watch the TV in fact you have a big display and maybe you don't need one more on your hands.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: Actually, it depends.
Speaker C: It depends what kind of functionality you want to add into it.
Speaker C: For example, if you add two more functionality, then better you add two more buttons there.
Speaker C: Instead of LCD display.
Speaker C: Which is that is going to bring the cost by two euro at least.
Speaker B: I think unless we can really drive these prices down, we need to get rid of the LCD display.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: So, we can get rid of it and then add...
Speaker C:...but we want that.
Speaker A: On the market point of view, yeah.
Speaker A: What do you think LCD is a major feature?
Speaker A: For the price, it's going to be what we can afford.
Speaker B: And it's looking like we can't afford the LCD display.
Speaker B: There's no way we can get it in there.
Speaker F: I think we have to come to a decision now.
Speaker F: I think what we just do is fold.
Speaker F: About the LCD display.
Speaker A: You assume you want a democratic voice?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker F: One man, one fold.
Speaker F: So, who thinks the LCD display should be in it?
Speaker B: I'd like to be in, but I can't see it happening.
Speaker B: I think, but...
Speaker B: You have power, a veto anyway, as project manager.
Speaker C: Yeah, but the only thing is that what is the multiple functionalities you want to include with that.
Speaker B: Well, we have to make a decision now.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: So, having an LCD display is just a very limited amount of buttons.
Speaker F: Is that acceptable?
Speaker F: Can your functions be implemented in...
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker F: You agree?
Speaker F: So, having seven buttons instead of twelve.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So, that would be cutting, say about these buttons.
Speaker A: Because one...
Speaker A: Show me that.
Speaker A: Actually, we could, in fact, remove these three buttons and have three possibilities for each of the three here.
Speaker A: Here one at the middle and...
Speaker B: I think we're really losing as of years.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: That would create another problem.
Speaker C: But the people to use it is not going to be easy.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker F: So, I think we should go to LCD screen.
Speaker F: That's my opinion.
Speaker F: No, it's okay.
Speaker C: You cut the LCD scene and introduce two more buttons.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, LCD is out.
Speaker B: The speed rig out now, we've...
Speaker A: The speed rig condition is ours.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Because of the budget.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Now we can just...
Speaker B: So, I'll be basically back to the original one now.
Speaker B: Back to the first version.
Speaker B: Which turns out to be on budget exactly pretty much with these new costings.
Speaker B: So, just look at that one and look at that one now.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I think we just go for this one.
Speaker F: That now 12 euro is the price.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So, we're glad that it's 50 cents.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker A: Cheap reduction.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: We wouldn't need the really expert designers.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because they're home.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, we can go back and talk to the suppliers.
Speaker B: We see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in.
Speaker B: But that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Good.
Speaker F: Then we have for the change.
Speaker E: Thank you.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: That was it.
Speaker E: That's it.
None: Thanks.
None: Cool.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Finally, the design.
None: I need a left sheet.
