Speaker B: So do we need to retrain Mike on how to put his mic on?
Speaker B: Can he get it all by himself this time?
Speaker D: I don't know, I'm feeling like a bumble.
Speaker D: Probably not.
Speaker B: I believe I can fly.
Speaker C: We got some exciting stuff for you guys.
Speaker C: Or not.
Speaker D: Or not.
Speaker B: Just when I needed something exciting.
Speaker B: Remember I'm an old man.
Speaker A: Okay, ready to go.
Speaker A: Alright, ready.
Speaker A: Okay, so we've got a conceptual design meeting.
Speaker A: Hopefully we've all got exciting ideas now.
Speaker A: We do.
Speaker A: Exciting ideas.
Speaker A: Okay, so here's our agenda.
Speaker A: Our agenda.
Speaker A: I've got it open.
Speaker A: I'm going to talk for a bit about what we're going to do.
Speaker A: I'm going to take some notes.
Speaker A: I'm going to do a presentation.
Speaker A: And then hopefully we're going to make some decisions now.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: Well, when I say hopefully we have to.
Speaker A: So I'm going to let you guys talk before we make decisions.
Speaker A: Does anyone really want to go first?
Speaker C: I guess I'll go first.
Speaker A: You too?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: What component I think.
Speaker D: Yep, that's it.
Speaker D: Presented by name.
Speaker C: My name is Jose.
Speaker C: My name is name.
Speaker D: My name is Indigamontaya.
Speaker D: Indigamontaya.
Speaker D: Sorry, I did this in a bit of a ride.
Speaker C: Nani!
Speaker C: So here's a look inside your really old looking remote control.
Speaker C: You've got a printed circuit board here.
Speaker C: And you've got all these buttons which kind of press down little rubber nubbies into these little holes.
Speaker C: We've all broken a remote control.
Speaker C: It's all broken a remote control.
Speaker C: So you've also got your chip here, your batteries here, and some sort of electronics.
Speaker B: I just love you tech guys.
Speaker D: Yeah, there's a thingy in the game.
Speaker C: Well, do jabber.
Speaker C: So here's a transistor and this amplifies your signal.
Speaker C: You've got the LED here on the end of the printed circuit board.
Speaker C: You've got a couple of diodes here for, I don't know, who and what not.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker C: So we've got in this drawing here, this example here, this is an 18 pin chip.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: It's two AA batteries.
Speaker C: This is pretty standard remote.
Speaker C: So here are options for our power sources.
Speaker C: You can use a basic battery, which we've already discussed.
Speaker C: Our tech department also said we have the option of doing some kind of hand dynamo, or maybe you crank it or something like that.
Speaker C: I don't know if that's really...
Speaker C: I don't know, we've got some crazy guys down there in that department.
Speaker B: I got a flashlight.
Speaker B: You shake it?
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's interesting because you shake it like this.
Speaker B: Something like this.
Speaker C: Yeah, so that's the next bullet.
Speaker B: That's on the camera.
Speaker C: The kinetic provision of energy.
Speaker C: It's like that flashlight where you have to shake it.
Speaker C: We've got solar cells, which I don't think is a very good idea because you could not use your remote at night.
Speaker C: Dude, this doesn't make a lot of sense.
Speaker C: And finally, we've got our power cradle idea.
Speaker A: Okay, so we basically have battery versus cradle here.
Speaker C: Battery versus cradle, I think is...
Speaker D: I like the kinetic.
Speaker D: I think you would.
Speaker A: It's actually a novel thing because you could sell it as a novelty.
Speaker A: Just to be actually serious for a minute here.
Speaker C: Well, it is more eco-friendly than the cradle because you're still using power off the grid with the cradle.
Speaker C: So, our case design.
Speaker C: We have choices in materials and choices in the general shapes that we can do.
Speaker C: Our material choices are plastic latex type or plastic, a rubber latex type thing, wood or titanium.
Speaker C: If we go with titanium, we're going to be limited in the amount of shapes we can do because it's tough to shape the titanium.
Speaker A: And yeah, wood gave us a lot of the marketing.
Speaker C: I think wooded...
Speaker C: I can't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote.
Speaker C: It's just anti-technology really.
Speaker B: To me, in a marketing sense, it's not relative.
Speaker B: We can accentuate whatever product you put in there.
Speaker B: We can find a way to accentuate.
Speaker C: And what we may be able to do, and I think this might be the best option, is to combine a couple of these.
Speaker C: My recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a rubber outer shell.
Speaker C: To make it like a thick plastic inner shell and kind of a...
Speaker C: To have that rubber outer shell to make it more durable.
Speaker C: And also maybe it feels a little better than the plastic.
Speaker A: You get your wrap on the rubber.
Speaker B: And if you make it from that super rubber, when you drop it on the floor, it can bounce right back up in your hand.
Speaker B: You don't even need to lean down to get it.
Speaker C: The advantage of working with plastic and rubber is we'll have a lot more options in terms of shape because you can extrude plastic and basically any shape you want.
Speaker C: And then we can cover the breakable bits with rubber.
Speaker C: But basically these are curved and double curved.
Speaker C: I believe the tech department in their message to me that they were referring to the number of curves in the bottom.
Speaker C: I have no idea exactly what they're talking about.
Speaker C: But that's what they told me.
Speaker C: Uncurved, flat, curved or double curved.
Speaker C: I would guess this pen would be kind of like a double curved.
Speaker C: Where it's curved on multiple axes.
Speaker C: I think curved means just curved in one axis and double curved is curved in two axes.
Speaker A: I think it might mean something like that sort of shape because of double cover.
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: That's where they're shaped.
Speaker C: That makes sense.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: With Interface we have the following options.
Speaker C: We can use push buttons.
Speaker C: We can use a scroll wheel with an integrated push button and LCD display on multiple scrolling wheels.
Speaker C: So these are all options that the user interface guy has his disposal to put together a user interface.
Speaker C: Okay. For electronics we have these very technical descriptions here.
Speaker C: A simple chip which is the least expensive but I have no numbers to give you.
Speaker C: A regular chip which is like the medium porridge.
Speaker C: The medium.
Speaker A: Did we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advantage chip?
Speaker C: Yes. The difference is with a simple chip, a simple chip will operate.
Speaker C: So when is it going to scroll up?
Speaker C: A simple chip is required to operate push buttons.
Speaker C: An advanced chip is required to operate the LCD display.
Speaker C: It didn't say specifically but I have a hunch that a regular chip is going to be the scroll wheel and the multiple scroll wheels.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, but yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker A: Let's see in my presentation.
Speaker A: Presentation from I guess design which go best.
Speaker A: Next.
Speaker A: Technical functions are interface concept.
Speaker D: I think.
Speaker D: Oh, interface concept.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: Yes, but it has your name on it.
Speaker D: Well, that doesn't board well for it as well.
Speaker D: So, somehow the thing is too big.
Speaker D: But, okay.
Speaker D: Our manufacturing division wanted a speech recognition.
Speaker D: They say they could put it to work but we don't think so.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: But you'll be, you know, be affected by the other schemes.
Speaker C: TV is working.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's just, I mean, if somebody says up in the middle of the television show, it's going to change the channel.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then fighting for the remote would not be fun anymore.
Speaker D: And I think that's one of the things we want.
Speaker A: But what if he actually had to press a button to make it recognize?
Speaker A: So if you press that and run up.
Speaker C: That kind of would just press the up button.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That would kind of.
Speaker A: But if it's just one thing with a button, you can just go.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker C: Even still there's going to be interference.
Speaker C: There still will be interference from the TV.
Speaker C: It might not be completely confusing but I think you'll still, I don't think it's practical at all.
Speaker C: I think it's a bad idea, Frank.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I'm thinking that away.
Speaker D: You guys may understand.
Speaker D: The robot buttons are more reliable.
Speaker D: It's the ones that would allow us to market our product as being less prone to damage and more resistance to things like spillage of liquids over it or mistreat, misuses as it happens to remote controls.
Speaker D: As for the point that we're making about losing it, well, we want a small remote control on side because we want it to be cool and designed.
Speaker D: But apparently the market shows that bigger, bigger remote gets less lost than I would
Speaker C: believe.
Speaker D: But yeah, I think we need to compromise between those two and somehow we'll do that somehow. But what I would propose is something more or less in the direction of what is to you the right of that slide but with a less complicated design.
Speaker D: The numbers, the volume control and channel control and teletext access, the volume and channel control can just become the four button array as in if it was a round dial.
Speaker D: If you just think about it as the one to the right but with the numbers and the four buttoned plus maybe a center one with teletext.
Speaker A: So we're suggesting a scroll wheel thing for the volume?
Speaker D: No, it's not a scroll wheel.
Speaker D: It's just four buttons that are on the cross.
Speaker D: Okay, basically you can control all of the important tasks from that.
Speaker C: Instead of place, stop rewind and fast forward there.
Speaker C: That's up, down, louder and quieter.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So I think we go for something mid-size, something that looks good and not too prone to get lost.
Speaker D: That be it.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So on to...
Speaker A: Functional requirements are trained watching.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Train watching is a later date there.
Speaker B: It looks like it's been so long.
Speaker B: I don't know what to say.
Speaker B: When I see the product, I don't want to buy it.
Speaker B: I see so many of them out there.
Speaker B: There's nothing about that product that makes me want to choose that product over other products that are out there.
Speaker B: Are you talking about the picture?
Speaker C: That's not a design.
Speaker C: That's just something a graphic he used to show you the layout of what the layout of the buttons might be like.
Speaker B: Okay, because right now I don't have too much to say about how to market this product because we don't have a product to market yet.
Speaker B: And from talking to Mike is we can market a more expensive product now.
Speaker B: That's what I understand.
Speaker A: I haven't said yes.
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker B: I'm a little bit stuck right now.
Speaker B: What is it that I'm going to market?
Speaker B: Without special or increased marketable features, I don't believe the product has a consumer demand.
Speaker B: I like the idea of the scroll.
Speaker B: There are so many people making these products at this price right now.
Speaker B: What are we going to do to make this one special and unique?
Speaker C: What's special and unique about a scroll?
Speaker B: I don't kill.
Speaker B: I just see it as different.
Speaker B: I don't say it's special.
Speaker B: I say that it's different.
Speaker B: What I'm looking for is marketing is give me something different.
Speaker B: It gives me a lower price, a higher price, some new technology.
Speaker B: Don't give me the same thing that everybody else is putting out there on a shelf.
Speaker B: It's the same price.
Speaker B: I need something to market about this thing.
Speaker A: If we do make the decision to go with the cradle, we have that as well.
Speaker B: When we have something like the cradle or something, give that as a marketing standard, I need something to market to make this product unique.
Speaker C: I think the two big points that we have so far are having the cradle and also having the actual design of the case itself, having this rubber shell with a plastic interior, having it look really nice and also be really durable.
Speaker B: Just remember, when I made up this report, I didn't have the information that we're discussing here.
Speaker B: When we have a cradle, when we have some kind of design, from my perspective, I don't have a product to market right now.
Speaker B: My personal preference is that we make some adjustment in the cost, either lower or develop and integrate new technology.
Speaker B: That is the next step.
Speaker B: There's technology and then there's technology, which we're moving into the next phase.
Speaker B: We're going to have some new technology to enhance the marketability.
Speaker B: Again, I'm not sold on the product because we don't have a product in my opinion yet.
Speaker B: Let's get a product.
Speaker B: I need a product to market.
Speaker B: Whatever products you guys put together, we'll find a way to market it.
Speaker B: That I'm not concerned with.
Speaker B: Now, if you give me a cut out of what everybody else has, then I need to find a lower cost.
Speaker A: Our big questions here really are cradle or not cradle.
Speaker A: Do we go basic or do we go for features?
Speaker A: Does anybody really want to do anything with the scroll wheel or should we ditch that?
Speaker C: My question is what would the scroll wheel do?
Speaker C: Function wise, what does that do?
Speaker A: That was in your presentation.
Speaker A: What would you imagine doing?
Speaker C: It's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do.
Speaker B: What I see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons.
Speaker B: From a marketing standpoint, I have another door to walk through when we have something unique.
Speaker B: If it creates something more complex or more expensive, then I don't know if that makes it a marketing necessity.
Speaker B: Again, from a marketing perspective, I want as much new and different about this thing as possible because it's a very competitive market.
Speaker A: I understand that the scroll wheels are quite expensive to make.
Speaker C: They are going to be more expensive.
Speaker C: On the other hand, it is an alternative.
Speaker C: If you think that's going to sell some...
Speaker C: If we're going to make up the extra cost by extra sales, I think maybe it's worth it to do it.
Speaker C: If I was going to do this, I would just use the scroll wheel for channels up and channels down.
Speaker C: Do you think volume would be?
Speaker D: I would first involve it.
Speaker C: No, we can do multiple scroll wheels.
Speaker A: I like the idea of basically focusing the product on the idea of the stock to target environmentally friendly ideas.
Speaker A: It makes it different to market.
Speaker A: I think so.
Speaker A: The whole product is going to need to be more durable.
Speaker A: You're not going to be ditching it as often.
Speaker A: It's going to need to be more expensive because of the cradle.
Speaker A: If we can market it in terms of that.
Speaker B: I think we've got some exclusivity in it.
Speaker B: We've got something that nobody else has right now.
Speaker B: That means we can make some adjustments in the retail or wholesale price if we need to.
Speaker B: It also can create its own demand from its uniqueness.
Speaker A: Our big decision then is how do we do...
Speaker A: We have to decide on the details and how to decide on...
Speaker A: Well, not exactly the details, but do we have what type of casing?
Speaker A: I personally like what you were saying about the plastic with the rubber.
Speaker C: It's something almost like these pens where you have plastic bits.
Speaker C: It's not really rubber, but just a fused plastic with rubber on the outside.
Speaker A: Just a very thin sheet for a grip.
Speaker C: Maybe a bit more than is on here.
Speaker C: Just as an inspiration, these pens I think are kind of...
Speaker A: So then, do we want to do anything more basic with the more advanced with the user interface in terms of...
Speaker A: Do we want to go for buttons or do we want...
Speaker A: If we're ditching the scroll fields, do we want to go LCD?
Speaker A: Do we want to give... do we want to have anything else on it?
Speaker D: It's only a TV.
Speaker C: From my perspective, I think LCD is a mistake because this is a universal remote and all you're doing...
Speaker C: You're not going to get any information back from the television, so the only information you can display in this remote is what channel you just sent it at last.
Speaker C: There's just not a lot of information there.
Speaker C: It receives no information.
Speaker C: So I don't see any reason for having an LCD because it's an increased cost.
Speaker C: Unless you can think of something interesting to do with it.
Speaker B: Right now, there's nothing coming out of the TV to receive.
Speaker B: So unless technology changes and information starts coming out of a cable box or something, I don't see the necessity of an LCD either.
Speaker B: I don't see it.
Speaker A: Okay, so the question is now, I guess, we need to decide.
Speaker A: You guys basically have to now go and figure out the details of this thing.
Speaker A: So what we need to know in terms of marketing and project management are...
Speaker A: Are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this?
Speaker A: What overall things have we not decided on?
Speaker C: Well, I think for me it's still not exactly clear exactly what the user interface is going to be.
Speaker C: There's a scroll wheel in or out.
Speaker C: What do you guys like in the user interface?
Speaker A: Maybe in terms of marketing, is that going to make it off?
Speaker A: Again.
Speaker B: That's going to justify the cost.
Speaker B: Well, I think it's the more uniqueness you can bring to the product, the easier it is, I believe for me to market.
Speaker B: Again, the push buttons I see are everywhere.
Speaker B: So we can go with the same thing, but we're going to be competing in a broader market than if we go with something unique.
Speaker B: The other thing I thought about was, do we go to something like this?
Speaker B: Make a remote that doesn't look like a remote.
Speaker B: It's just an idea, and I don't know...
Speaker C: I don't know about the flip phone idea, because I think as far as durability, it's not a big...
Speaker B: I mean, what I see, one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is, and you've got children, there's stuff that gets inside the circuitry, they get dirty, they get messy with drinks and stuff, this.
Speaker B: And what I keep throwing out there, I just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act, or in some way, identify itself as unique or different.
Speaker B: But you guys are the ones that have to ultimately create the product within cost.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I guess the question that you're being asked right now is whether, is the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that as a very different product?
Speaker A: Or do we really need the scroll wheel as well?
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker A: I said quite a fast...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think you've got to get into cost effectiveness.
Speaker B: I think if you can have the base station with a locator, I think those are two very strong features.
Speaker B: If that's something that can be integrated without a much extra cost.
Speaker C: The locator is going to require a radio transmitter, which will...
Speaker A: Is that going to need a better chip as well?
Speaker C: We're probably going to have to go with it like a medium chip, I would imagine.
Speaker C: But we will need a receiver in antenna.
Speaker B: Integrated, yeah.
Speaker B: So, it's just... I think that's...
Speaker C: It should be a really simple signal, though.
Speaker B: I know personally that would be a very attractive feature is to have a button I can push to find my remote control.
Speaker A: I don't know if it's a little bit of a signal, but I guess a little tiny speaker is going to be quite cheap.
Speaker A: It's not going to need quality, is it?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: It'll be really cheap.
Speaker B: I remember you could have a smell of ramma, you know, you push a button and it puts out a stink.
Speaker B: Maybe not.
Speaker A: Makes your 11 room more fresh as well.
Speaker A: Okay, we're doing well for time here. We've got about another 10 minutes.
Speaker A: I think that...
Speaker C: So, the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: Interrupt.
Speaker A: My personal preference is out.
Speaker A: I don't think the cost is justified for a little bit more uniqueness when we already have that.
Speaker A: And I don't think it's obvious and natural how it would be used.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think we have, like, it's not very usable and it will bring down the robustness of the whole thing.
Speaker D: Yeah, it breaks down easier.
Speaker C: For me, I think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad.
Speaker C: I don't know exactly what the increased cost is going to be, but I think he does have a point.
Speaker C: It might push somebody over the edge when they're looking at our remote versus something else when they see this one has a scroll wheel to go up and down on the channels.
Speaker C: I think it might be kind of neat to be able to do it like that.
Speaker A: But then that surely depends a little on the TV because some TVs are quite slow at changing channels.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: So if you've got a scroll here and you have to scroll it really, really slowly just so that you're actually keeping in pace with the TV's ability to change channels.
Speaker A: You have to go through and you wait for it.
Speaker A: You scroll a bunch of times and then you wait for it.
Speaker C: Well, I think what it would be is like this where it's maybe a digital wheel, where it's quantized into a circle.
Speaker A: Ooh, yes, that's where you go.
Speaker A: My intuition about the scroll wheel would be.
Speaker A: Ah, see, see if something about now.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: It's just a look and feel thing.
Speaker C: It has the same exact functionality as two buttons.
Speaker B: I think there are so many people today that are surfing, or television surfers, and I see the scroll as a great mechanism for surfing instead of going button to button.
Speaker D: Yeah, you just said they're going.
Speaker B: Yeah, I really think that's a really cool thing for surfing.
Speaker C: Now, just so you know though, you did bring up a point which is very valid, is a lot of TVs won't respond exactly the same.
Speaker C: Some of them are going to be kind of slow switching.
Speaker C: So you may like queue up like 15 channel changes and it'll be like flip, flip, flip.
Speaker A: Well, there's not necessarily you could basically make it so that it'll, I mean, it's just going to be sending a signal to the TV.
Speaker A: So if you send about five flip channels, if you did that, it's going to flip once.
Speaker C: Yeah, it just might be frustrating where you can't make it go as fast as you want.
Speaker C: But I think once people get used to it, I do like the idea of the scroll wheel though.
Speaker A: And if we're marketing it as a high niche product, then we're going to be selling it to people who are buying good TVs as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, presumably.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker B: The only thing on the interface side of it is that I see the dilemma.
Speaker B: But if we have the option of scrolling, check it at any particular speed or the option of jumping direct.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker B: So I can go presuming I have on my television something that tells me what channel I'm on.
Speaker B: I can scroll direct from channel five to channel 32.
None: Shunk.
Speaker B: I know what because it's on a television.
Speaker B: The television tells me what channel it's on when I change it.
Speaker B: So I don't know that really that's going to be a problem.
Speaker B: Because a television can go automatically from channel five to channel 32 with a push of a button.
Speaker B: Okay?
Speaker B: So can we create that kind of interface within a scroll system?
Speaker B: You understand what I'm saying?
Speaker C: I think I know what you might be getting it.
Speaker C: Oh, I see.
Speaker A: So maybe if we had an LCD of the top that just did a number on it, right?
Speaker A: Or we could read it from a television.
Speaker C: What about this?
Speaker C: What about if you can program in your favorite channels into this scroll wheel and you can just like roll through your favorite channels?
Speaker A: That's great.
Speaker A: You need that display on the...
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker A: It'll tell you when you flip the channel.
Speaker B: The television can tell you.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Can.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: No, I see what you're talking about.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's kind of cool.
Speaker C: How would you program it though?
Speaker C: Oh, it's just one extra button.
Speaker C: You say program start and then type in.
Speaker C: Because you still have the typing, you know, you'll still have the keypad where you can type in manually.
Speaker C: So the program start 0 1, enter 0 5, enter 38, enter program end.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And yeah, and that just basically flips between it and it will go.
Speaker A: It sends out 0 5 and then 36 and then 0 1.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's kind of cool.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker B: And again, we have another great marketing tool.
Speaker B: We have about three.
Speaker A: We have three or four things here.
Speaker A: That's not going to be too expensive because that's going to be...
Speaker A: You're going to be able to nab that off of computer mouse manufacturers really.
Speaker A: You can basically come up with a partnership to be able to produce that quite cheaply.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: And maybe we maybe even have this as in-house technology.
Speaker B: This may be something that's available through our own services.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker A: But that's not going to be such a costly feature.
Speaker A: The problem we're going to have is making it robust.
Speaker C: Well, we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes, between going through your favorites list and just hitting up 1, up 2.
Speaker B: We go directional.
Speaker B: So if there's a button...
Speaker B: We go this way for one, we go this way for the other.
Speaker C: No, because you want to be able to go up and down through the channels.
Speaker B: Yeah, people are going to have a favorite sort of whether they do that or whatever they do.
Speaker B: Well, then you just have a different...
Speaker B: You have a mode switch.
Speaker C: I think we'll need a mode switch.
Speaker C: But then if we have a mode switch, we're going to need some kind of indicator to switch.
Speaker A: It's a white behind buttons.
Speaker A: And LED.
Speaker C: And LED.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Does that work?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is that...
Speaker A: Okay, we have five minutes.
Speaker A: So, right, details that we've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel.
Speaker A: We want a mode indicator.
Speaker A: We want backlit buttons.
Speaker A: And if we're making backlit buttons, period, do we want that just for the mode indicator or maybe to indicate what button you're pressing at the time so that you know if it's actually pressed or not?
Speaker A: I've seen some remotes do that.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Just so you know, I think...
Speaker C: I mean, it was my understanding that before we were going to stay in the mid-market range, it seems we're kind of approaching a higher end range.
Speaker C: I think we are.
Speaker B: I want to make sure everybody's okay with that.
Speaker B: Well, you had acknowledged that we have more money for this.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, we don't have...
Speaker A: It's not that we have more money, we can push up the price.
Speaker A: That's what I mean.
Speaker B: We can increase the cost.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't know how we're having to...
Speaker C: Just want to make sure everybody's on board with it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to, though we haven't got to a stage where we're ready to pin down the price of components.
Speaker A: But, I'd say, what sort of price are we looking to be able to sell, something like that, and what sort of price can we make it for?
Speaker B: Well, I think the design and technology has to come back and say, okay, to create this product, we see it's going to cost us this much for this volume, because we do have a volume target of 50 million profit.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: No, I think that's where we really should be more flexible than anything else, because as we said in the last meeting, our management's really looking for us to push our brand.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: We're entering a new market here, so I think the profit expectation for this one product is maybe not as important as being able to...
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I'm okay with that.
Speaker B: I guess what I just want...
Speaker B: To me, the next step is for these guys to come in with a design proposal with the cost estimate attached.
Speaker B: And then we have to take this to the next level.
Speaker A: That's a ball-parkest of what we'd be able to sell, something like that.
Speaker A: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: Let's try to think now.
Speaker C: How much would you pay for... with all these features, how much would you pay if you went to the store and you were in the market to replace your TV remote?
Speaker C: How much would you pay for that?
Speaker A: Well, you got to think who our target market is, because I'm not our target market.
Speaker A: I'm a student.
Speaker A: But if, on the other hand, I would think...
Speaker A: With my project manager salary.
Speaker A: You could probably afford this.
Speaker A: Yeah, I could probably afford this.
Speaker A: But maybe if I had a cool new TV and this was looking really slick and it had the dock and it had the scroll wheel, which I think is a really cool idea, that would sell me on it a little.
Speaker A: Then maybe...
Speaker A: I don't think I'd go over 100 euros, certainly.
Speaker A: Oh, no.
Speaker A: That would be way too much.
Speaker A: But I would be happy paying over 40 for it, I guess.
Speaker C: I would say 35 to 40.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I was going to say 35 to 50.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: 35 to 50 euros is a sales bracket.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: One of the things we're marketing about this product is this is the last one you will ever need to buy for your television.
Speaker B: It's one of the marketing features in this.
Speaker A: That's why the scroll needs to be really robust.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So we'll come up with something between 35 and 50 that is rug the rubber, robust with scroll wheel with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favorite stuff, favorite channels.
Speaker C: With the cradle, radio transmitters.
Speaker C: And the locator.
Speaker C: And backlit buttons and it's going to look sexy.
Speaker C: Or not.
Speaker C: Or not.
Speaker C: It might look like clay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So you can market.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's easy.
Speaker B: That's not a... that's a... no.
Speaker B: Because we have about six... six, seven features in that alone.
None: Yep.
Speaker B: Under the title of uniquenesses.
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: The next meeting starts in 30 minutes, although it does it, it starts at 3.21 the next meeting.
Speaker A: So we've got more than 30 minutes.
Speaker A: We've got like 50.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker B: It's my 3.21.
Speaker B: It's the next meeting.
Speaker A: The next meeting is 3.21, yeah.
Speaker B: That's almost 50 minutes.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That is.
Speaker A: You guys have changed the times from the presentations.
Speaker B: You guys can create a...
Speaker B: Probably...
Speaker C: We'll let you know when we're done.
Speaker A: If we can go earlier.
Speaker A: Thanks, Chef.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So you guys will be getting your modelling done now.
Speaker A: And...
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Are there any other questions with regards to what this thing's going to do?
Speaker A: Look like how it's going to work that need to be addressed before we really look at this in a lot of detail.
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker C: If we need questions, we'll just email you, I guess.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think it pretty much everything's covered.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: This one was quite easy.
Speaker A: Could have been worse.
Speaker A: It's always the optimist.
Speaker A: Yes, I am.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Thanks, guys.
None: Thank you.
Speaker B: I don't have any emails.
Speaker B: This means I can go home.
Speaker A: It's going to be easy, yeah.
None: Oh, we gotta leave.
Speaker B: Maybe I just keep working.
None: Lift the pen.
None: Maybe I just keep working.
None: I'm on the mother node.
None: I didn't care about it.
