None: Oh yeah. Excuse me.
None: Of course I can stay.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: A nice picture. Okay.
Speaker E: So we are here for the concept design meeting.
Speaker E: So we will first start by summarizing the previous meeting and the decision we've taken.
Speaker E: I will take notes during this meeting so that you can look at my folder to see the summary of this meeting afterwards.
Speaker E: So each of you will show us the various investigations they've done during.
Speaker E: Previous hours.
Speaker E: We'll then take the decision and concept and then we will define the next task to be done before the next meeting.
Speaker E: So last time we decided to have a simple interface.
Speaker E: We also decided to have a will to change channel, preview channel button, channel digits.
Speaker E: This button should be protected by plastic cover or something for the remote control to look very simple.
Speaker E: We have also buttoned for volume and to switch on of the TV.
Speaker E: We have also the lightning feature for the remote control to be easy to find.
Speaker E: So for the first development and low cost we have decided to have no LCD nor voice features.
Speaker E: So now we will have three presentations.
Speaker E: So the concept you have specification by industrial designer.
Speaker E: The specification of the UI by...
Speaker E: The last point is train watching by market expert.
Speaker E: So maybe we can start with industrial design.
Speaker E: So this is the presentation idea.
Speaker E: Maybe I can switch slide on your request.
Speaker C: I only have three slides.
Speaker C: So I just look at the...
Speaker C: Just on some web pages to find some documentation.
Speaker C: And I think a remote control is, as I mentioned previously, you just have a very simple chip.
Speaker C: And the user interface is just done usually by push button.
Speaker C: And in our case we are using a wheel control.
Speaker C: So I was looking basically for that chip, which is a very, very standard.
Speaker C: And I just look for the wheel sensor and the standard push button.
Speaker C: And we can change directly.
Speaker C: In fact, I have the number of that element, which is very standard for remote control.
Speaker C: The push button are usually extremely cheap.
Speaker C: But I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor, which seems to be quite expensive.
Speaker C: Okay. And I think if we could just talk about that, if we really need a wheel sensor, or if we can combine something with a push button.
Speaker C: Okay. A wheel sensor is 50 times the price of a push button.
Speaker E: But is it a significant price on the world remote control?
Speaker E: Because we can afford up to 12 euros for the price of the remote control.
Speaker E: Yeah. So will this, including all possible things, so buttons will, and the chip, be lower than 12 euros to produce?
Speaker C: But I don't think that we should, we should talk about the design of the box.
Speaker C: So we need some money.
Speaker B: I also have to say, did you receive the mail about voice recognition?
Speaker C: Oh, that's all.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: You received something?
Speaker B: Yeah. We have an email from the Wine Factory division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed.
Speaker B: Hmm.
Speaker B: It says right now we just use it to record the answers to particular questions.
Speaker B: But I guess we could be adapted, I guess it's possible.
Speaker B: Instead of recording the answers, you can just record something simpler.
Speaker E: Okay. And there can recognize some commands.
Speaker B: Yeah. You can recognize commands. You can record new commands and stuff.
Speaker B: So if you already have the other tip.
Speaker E: Yeah. You could use it.
Speaker E: Okay. Maybe we can just listen to this presentation and then take the decision later.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: And according to those news.
Speaker C: But I think it's, yeah. Sorry. I haven't written my personal references.
Speaker C: I just want to mention the problem of the wheels and so, which is much more expensive than any push button.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So we could reduce that. We have already some good things with the back lights of the push button.
Speaker B: I have a question about that actually.
Speaker B: What is the purpose of the light?
Speaker C: Just to make something which is slightly more designed that is a square root box.
Speaker E: You can use the button.
Speaker B: But the dark also. But in the dark.
Speaker B: Yeah. But it's going to go all the way down the light.
Speaker E: It will be turned on when the user moves the remote control. I think no.
Speaker B: What if you move it and you have it? You don't need to find it.
Speaker B: You can see the buttons better of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: True.
Speaker B: But if you move it, then you have to have some sensor to move it to detect that you're moving it.
Speaker C: As soon as you start to move the remote control you have the right.
Speaker B: Yeah. But you need another sensor for that. Right. Yeah. Again.
Speaker B: No, it's too expensive.
Speaker C: I don't think that this is really expensive. But at the end this is plenty of the rich devices.
Speaker B: But the build installs to be. Yeah. But the experience will be too expensive.
Speaker C: First of all I was thinking to have a continuous light.
Speaker C: And you press the button. You have the light on your remote control.
Speaker C: Or once you want to turn off. But it can be battery consuming now.
Speaker C: To have the light always on. A little bit.
Speaker E: Well we will discuss that after maybe. Okay.
Speaker B: The other presentation. No, my one should be in the shared folder. Yeah.
Speaker B: It was last time I saw it.
Speaker E: And it is.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker B: So, okay. Let's move the next slide.
Speaker B: So basically I want very simple. Right.
Speaker B: That's a major idea. I suppose. Yeah.
Speaker B: So I just looked at some current designs on the web of usually more complicated remote controls.
Speaker B: And I selected two of them. Because even though they have many buttons they look quite simple.
Speaker B: And in our case we just rejected the buttons that we don't need. Yeah.
Speaker E: And also does it fit well in. And because it was the risk problem.
Speaker B: Well these remote are quite big. So go to the next page.
Speaker B: So the hub works buttons as you can see. But most of them we just need the ones in the middle.
Speaker B: Yeah. So from the bottom where there's the numbers and then the top until the channel.
Speaker B: So this middle part. And the left one is exactly the same.
Speaker B: So it's basically more or less how we would like it with big volume control, big channel control,
Speaker E: and mutant power. Yeah. Yeah. It's the basic thing. So it's only the central part.
Speaker B: So basically something that we would look more or less the same as these two.
Speaker E: Yeah. With maybe a more economic design on the... Yeah.
Speaker B: If you look for example, I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top part are not very easy to reach your thumb. Yeah. It could be on the right side for example.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. Because we don't have these input buttons and all the stuff that they have.
Speaker B: And I think that the plastic cover is not very good idea because you open it, it can break.
Speaker B: You can do various things. Okay.
Speaker B: You just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way.
Speaker B: Okay. So that's a bit better. Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. And just to press the other big buttons. But it's not be difficult to press the channel button side there.
Speaker B: I think that if you put the cover, it would be even more difficult for the user. Okay.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah.
Speaker B: Usually what I have noticed that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with, like buttons for tuning the channels and stuff like that.
Speaker B: Yeah. That you want to protect it with.
Speaker B: I think it's an intelligent algorithm. Okay.
Speaker B: So I don't think, yeah. This is just the wheel.
Speaker B: Some wheels can be pushed down, could use a push down of the wheel for their call if you want.
Speaker B: So you could just basically use one, just wheel and a user could use just the wheel to everything.
Speaker B: Yeah. At the time. In that case.
Speaker E: Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage over our competitors.
Speaker E: Otherwise it's pretty standard about the fact that it's very simple.
Speaker E: So maybe this was to have more expense on that aspect.
Speaker B: Yeah. I guess the market itself would tell us about that.
Speaker E: Okay. So we can move to the, is there any question for designer of user interface?
Speaker E: We can move to the next part. Maybe and discuss afterwards.
Speaker A: Okay. Okay. You can go. Yeah.
Speaker A: So now the recent investigation we have done for the remote control.
Speaker A: So the most important aspect for remote controls is to be fancy look and feel and not current functional look and feel.
Speaker A: And the second aspect is that the remote control should be technological innovative.
Speaker A: Okay. And the third most important aspect is to, is that the remote control should be easy to use. So things we have, we have speak about before. Yeah.
Speaker A: And so you can go after.
Speaker A: And there is a fashion which is in Paris and Milan that I've detected the following trends.
Speaker A: Fruits and vegetables will be the most important time for closes shoes and furniture.
Speaker A: So maybe if our remote control has to be a food form or vegetable forms, something like that.
Speaker C: What's important, April?
Speaker A: And the material is expected to be spongy.
Speaker A: So I don't know which material can be spongy and if you...
Speaker B: This is good also for, I think, just the electronics and the things that work, right?
Speaker E: Yeah. I think it is good also to have a spongy control metal television.
Speaker A: Yeah, because it's progress. It's progress, yeah.
Speaker B: Hey, that's a cool one.
Speaker B: We could say that if you throw it, you have a sensor and you throw it and you can tell the vision and it's a ten-hit-off.
Speaker B: When it takes a shock.
Speaker C: Yeah. I know that they do that for around the clock.
Speaker A: And this, you can say that.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: You can go before?
Speaker A: Before? Yes.
Speaker A: And you know, yeah, the more important aspect is the fancy look and feel.
Speaker A: After is the technological innovative and after the easy twig.
Speaker E: Yes. I think it's innovative to use the wheel because I think the one is in the side.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's why I think we have to keep that if possible.
Speaker E: Yeah. I think it makes it both easy and both innovative.
Speaker E: So I think it's a good aspect and it's a good look.
Speaker E: Cool. Fancy.
Speaker E: Yeah. We have to make it look like a fruit or a vegetable.
Speaker E: Yeah. What about it?
Speaker E: A color that remembers something.
Speaker E: Things like that.
Speaker B: The obvious thing is a banana, I guess.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker A: I thought about a P, for example. You know, a P is like that.
Speaker A: And it's easy to have in a hundred times.
Speaker E: Yeah. A pure.
Speaker E: A banana is also going to look.
Speaker E: Maybe pure, yeah, something like that.
Speaker A: Oh, a fruit like that, I don't know.
Speaker E: Yeah. We can discuss that.
Speaker E: Is there anything you want to add?
Speaker B: Is there any fruit that is spongy?
Speaker E: I don't think so.
Speaker E: I think we can have like a pure is good, fit well or banana, you too.
Speaker C: So maybe look and feel what about a piece of ice with blue LED inside.
Speaker C: But that's not in the train.
Speaker E: The train is spongy and vegetable fruit.
Speaker E: It's not in the toilet.
Speaker E: I think spongy is good because it will be robust as well.
Speaker E: So I think we can keep the wheel because it's easy, it's innovative, even if the cost is a bit higher.
Speaker E: And we also have to find a fruit like pure or banana with any other idea you have.
Speaker E: What kind of fruit would you like to control your TV with?
Speaker C: Banana is a nice idea.
Speaker E: Banana is also yellow, so you can't lose your remote control.
Speaker C: Don't use the banana.
Speaker C: The banana is curving like that, but when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top, you can control.
Speaker C: But you don't have the first button.
Speaker B: You can just have the skill and you move your hand here to push the button and then you move on the other side.
Speaker B: You can have it on two sides and it will be cool.
Speaker E: I think it's a good design and it's innovative as well.
Speaker E: Maybe we can keep the banana and it will be very easy to find.
Speaker E: Everybody knows what is a banana.
Speaker C: Basically, if you start with fancy fruits, you can also take the banana and feed it
Speaker B: with the color scheme of our company.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: It's really a good point.
Speaker B: I hope this video does not manage to die.
Speaker E: I think so. We have to take some decisions on those aspects.
Speaker E: So for components, we have to think about those aspects.
Speaker C: So we will just use a standard battery.
Speaker C: We know exactly which one we are going to use.
Speaker C: What do you mean by case?
Speaker E: I think it's the box that should be a spongy banana shape.
Speaker C: For me, if we use a spongy banana case, it doesn't matter.
Speaker C: I just want to have something to print to fix my components on two of that box.
Speaker B: It can't be inside the inner structure.
Speaker B: The thing is that the buttons and the wheel have to be a spongy.
Speaker B: Then the buttons and the wheel have to move.
Speaker B: It's going to bend a lot.
Speaker B: I think it's possible.
Speaker E: I think it's not. The button would be infected.
Speaker E: It should be something out-shaped with a spongy cover.
Speaker C: This is like a...
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Out-shaped with spongy cover.
Speaker E: And standard battery.
Speaker E: A cheap one print.
Speaker E: There's no specific problem.
Speaker E: So we agreed to put the wheel.
Speaker C: The wheel on the top button.
Speaker C: Why do we want some buttons?
Speaker B: Well, usually hold...
Speaker B: It won't be good also for the left hand user, right?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: So it has to be symmetrical.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's okay.
Speaker B: So let's say that...
Speaker B: Basically, you can only take two sides.
Speaker B: One side where there's a thumb, and the other side where there's...
Speaker B: Yeah, also the thumb.
Speaker B: Or you could use this one, but it won't.
Speaker B: It's very comfortable.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe this thumb is more comfortable.
Speaker B: This for the wheel and then this for the buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think it's okay for ghosts right and left.
Speaker B: So if we get left, we have...
Speaker E: I think you can turn it this way or so.
Speaker E: You can do those with...
Speaker E: With buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah, the buttons and wheels, then we'll need 10th around.
Speaker B: The buttons are on the other side.
Speaker B: You can't see them.
Speaker E: Well, you will get used to it.
Speaker E: And more buttons have to be here and the wheels are here.
Speaker E: The buttons are lighted, so you immediately identify the right side.
Speaker E: Because you have light on buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know, but if you hold the left hand and the wheels here, and the buttons are here, they only turn around.
Speaker B: The buttons will be on the other side.
Speaker E: No, you... I think you will use it on the right or left hand, whether you're right here or left here.
Speaker E: I think for left it's okay.
Speaker E: I can do this movement and for right here as well.
Speaker E: I think this doesn't change that much.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah?
Speaker B: Okay, maybe.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, for interface we said that we have this banana shape with buttons on the side.
Speaker E: And the wheel on the top.
Speaker E: So the color is yellow.
Speaker E: I think it's... we define everything according to what we should...
Speaker E: but the decision we should take, yeah.
Speaker E: So maybe we can... we can work on due respect until next meeting.
Speaker E: So, have the final look and feel design according to the decision.
Speaker E: And have the user interface design and then evaluate the product.
Speaker E: That is to say, check if it fits the requirement given by the users.
Speaker E: But according to your presentation, it seems to be okay.
Speaker E: It seems to be fancy, innovative and easy to use.
Speaker E: So, to prepare the prototype, I would suggest that the industrial designer and the user interface designer work together.
Speaker E: That would be better, I think.
Speaker E: And so you will receive further instruction by emails as usual.
Speaker E: Yes, master.
Speaker E: Do you need to add anything?
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: You feel okay?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: You feel free to express what you want to say.
Speaker E: You don't feel too constrained.
Speaker E: You don't feel free to answer this.
Speaker E: No, you can't.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So, see you.
