Speaker C: So now we are in the conceptual design meeting.
Speaker C: It's been close to last.
Speaker C: It's the penalty meeting.
Speaker E: How was lunch?
Speaker E: Great!
Speaker E: Thanks!
Speaker F: Don't be sarcastic!
Speaker D: Spark!
Speaker C: So, I will again go to the secretary part.
Speaker C: We will have a presentation first.
Speaker C: We will have a design, then mark, and then Sami.
Speaker C: We have to take a decision on remote control concepts.
Speaker C: We have 40 minutes.
Speaker C: So, what we want to take on this meeting are on the first component concept.
Speaker C: So, what kind of energy we use, what kind of chip on print, and what kind of case, and also on user interface concept, what kind of interface we use, and if there is some supplements.
Speaker C: At the end, Sami will give a trend watching what is being doing.
Speaker C: So, let's go.
Speaker C: First, what is it?
Speaker C: Ramana.
Speaker A: Two.
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's different.
Speaker A: Component?
Speaker A: So, we have to mainly design, mainly need to know which components we will use for energy and the material and the interface.
Speaker A: For energy, there are maybe two or three possibilities.
Speaker A: First, one, we can use simple battery, or we can use traditional solar cells, and then material, we can have plastic, rubber, which is good for this RSI.
Speaker A: And then a titanium, which can be, which have very good look.
Speaker A: And then interface, we have to use push buttons or liquid crystal LCD display, and we can use some jacks, moving jacks kind of thing.
Speaker A: So, as we discussed before, we would like to have some feature recognition chip in our remote control.
Speaker A: So, this can be simple kind of programmable chip, which can use microphone as well as some sound sensors.
Speaker A: And we also want to locate our remote control.
Speaker A: So, still we are looking for possible technical specifications and how easy we can do and within our range, like we have to do in our 12 euros or around that.
Speaker A: So, we are looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in house.
Speaker A: So, if we discussed and, excuse me, so we would like to propose better instead of solar cells and it would be problematic to have enough energy with solar cells and so we would like to just use simple battery.
Speaker A: And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or hand.
Speaker A: But the problem is with this design, we found that we can't use double curved shapes.
Speaker A: What is a double curved shape?
Speaker A: Like you can have two curves.
Speaker A: Aha, wow.
Speaker A: It's, I think in manufacturing, I guess it's problematic.
Speaker A: So, we want to go for simple push buttons because it needs simple chip and it's really less expensive compared to LCD, which need advanced chip technology and it's more expensive.
Speaker A: Since we want to put some other features such as speech recognition, we want to reduce the process.
Speaker C: I want to know why, just to, sorry, for the point before, why not the rubber?
Speaker C: It is something that it seems to be...
Speaker A: And also in if you put a bird, it's a bit difficult to do all the molding of buttons and these things.
Speaker C: And you, titanium, it's more...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: What can you use something like, you know, the whole body's titanium, but there are some rubber, you know, some rubber parts like...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: To make it feel better.
Speaker A: Like in cell phones recently, you can move with the rubber in four directions.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: But full assembly, we will use mainly for titanium.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Rubber is expensive.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And also it's a bit difficult to do all the shit.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And this push button, we would like to use push button since LCD is in.
Speaker A: So we want to move...
Speaker A: I mean, we want to put speech recognition, so we want to reduce price on this technology and so that we can have enough space or enough money.
Speaker C: So we have a simple button and speech recognition for the more complicated.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We have simple buttons and speech recognition technology.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: And still we have...
Speaker E: Can we still include the LCD display?
Speaker E: LCD.
Speaker E: LCD, yeah.
Speaker E: It seems not.
Speaker E: It's either.
Speaker E: So it's like...
Speaker E: It's not going to be, you know, touchable, but still like a source of information or a source for many use.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: So maybe, maybe we can see depending on how we will come up with our full design then if you have enough money or like...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So that's not enough.
Speaker A: Because speech recognition technology will take at least five euros or batchy or something.
Speaker A: So we want to reduce the cost on display or this...
Speaker F: The display would only be display and not...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's what it's going to be.
Speaker E: It's not going to be a touch spot.
Speaker E: Just display for giving you information.
Speaker A: Yeah. That can be we can consider because like it won't take much money.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Do you have any further questions?
Speaker F: I guess no.
Speaker F: So the batteries are going to be very light.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker A: We have to go for...
Speaker A: And now I think we have many options in the market.
Speaker A: So we can go for small nickel or alkaline batteries for really light batteries and with good price.
Speaker F: So this device that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for this finding it basically instead of clapping wide.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Just the...
Speaker A: The one thing we want to know is like because remote control is used for like in household.
Speaker A: So it will be...
Speaker A: It may be at least five, six people want to use it.
Speaker A: So how to define our speech recognition whether we want to do speaker independent or speaker dependent.
Speaker A: If you're going for more speaker independent then it would be like again cumbersome.
Speaker A: It would be really more technology.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: For the location.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: If everybody in the house they want to look at them where to go for some speaker independent technology.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So it's now good to do.
Speaker C: You do have a question.
Speaker C: No, it's a no more question.
Speaker F: Thank you.
Speaker F: But it's less of a constraint on what we can do.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: It's always like that.
Speaker F: We have dreams and in the end we find out that it's not feasible.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyway.
Speaker A: We have some limitations on this.
Speaker E: LST is already quite nice.
Speaker E: LST is something else.
Speaker E: It's quite nice.
Speaker F: I'm an artist.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: So good.
Speaker C: That's not the impression.
Speaker E: No, let's talk about the interface.
Speaker E: This is about number three.
Speaker E: The...
Speaker E: Which one?
Speaker E: Hmm.
Speaker E: Hmm.
Speaker E: Hmm.
Speaker E: Oh, look at this.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And five.
Speaker E: So the concept of the interface.
Speaker E: Generally I developed quite a broad concept.
Speaker E: Not only for the interface but for possible instruction or use of the interface.
Speaker E: Or use of manual and all the complex things that come together with your TV and remote controls.
Speaker E: So let's start with this.
Speaker E: We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons.
Speaker E: And we got explanation for every button and you can use your time and it will take some days to learn all these buttons.
Speaker E: And the LCD is going to be somewhere here.
Speaker E: And go back button.
Speaker E: I don't know really where it is.
Speaker E: Maybe one of these buttons.
Speaker E: And power on and off.
Speaker E: I don't remember.
Speaker E: So it should be...
Speaker E: Maybe this button is power on and off or no info.
Speaker E: I can see nothing.
Speaker E: So that's our concept.
Speaker E: It's called the Millennium Remote Control.
Speaker F: Let's change millenials.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So maybe you can use for those in the audience.
Speaker F: Oh, that doesn't make sense.
Speaker F: This is very...
Speaker E: Really?
Speaker E: I'll touch your knackers.
Speaker D: Oh, I don't know.
Speaker E: Okay, just press the button.
Speaker E: Oh, no.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We will not use this.
Speaker E: We will not use this.
Speaker E: Instead of this ugly device, that's our concept.
Speaker E: And it's got just few buttons quite well looking and all this stuff we already...
Speaker E: We already discussed.
Speaker E: And what will people say?
Speaker E: They will say it's perfect.
Speaker E: Or what will say?
Speaker E: They will say it's blended.
Speaker E: Everyone will say I'll buy it.
Speaker E: And everyone's going to be satisfied.
Speaker F: Do you think it can come in several colors?
Speaker E: Or did I would make a backlight of the LCD screen with different colors?
Speaker E: But not the case.
Speaker E: Not the case.
Speaker F: The case would only be in that aluminium titanium stuff.
Speaker C: Because apparently from your survey people like color.
Speaker F: Yeah, they like something which is...
Speaker E: Okay, so let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels.
Speaker F: Yeah, okay.
Speaker F: So that would be the option.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't have a Nokia phone.
Speaker F: But it's...
Speaker A: I don't use that, but again...
Speaker E: That's why you don't have it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's why.
Speaker A: Of course it's nasty.
Speaker A: But it would be expensive.
Speaker A: Now if you use color LCD...
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Instead of that, maybe we can change the color of the assembly.
Speaker A: Maybe we can just...
Speaker A: If you just want more colors they can pay more money to get this...
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker A: The shapes.
Speaker A: I mean they can have different assembly vibe here.
Speaker A: So users have different...
Speaker A: They have their own color interest and so on.
Speaker A: So if they want they can just pay another...
Speaker C: Okay, so you propose something with option...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That increase the price if we...
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: If they want like...
Speaker A: Of course, kind of...
Speaker A: Upgradable...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Remote control.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker A: Just they will get a few more things and a few more colors.
Speaker E: But there is one more solution.
Speaker E: Because there are some paints that can change color according to where they are.
Speaker E: Like they can reflect different colors.
Speaker C: And depending on what is around.
Speaker C: Like what color is around.
Speaker E: And depending on the temperature.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Kind of a good effect.
Speaker E: Yeah, but that may be too much expensive.
Speaker C: But it can be in maybe in an upgradeable version.
Speaker F: Because I think there are two kinds of people.
Speaker F: Those for which the remote control is to be something useful.
Speaker F: I am going to talk about this later.
Speaker F: And those for which it's something that is specific to them.
Speaker F: So it's like a signature.
Speaker F: My remote control is pink.
Speaker F: Nobody else than me has a pink remote control.
Speaker F: And that makes me special.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker C: And you seem that we don't have to make them pay more.
Speaker F: I think they would be ready to pay more for that.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So those who wanted to have it be.
Speaker C: So it's not a base service.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: Not an option.
Speaker E: Might be optional.
Speaker A: But those people will be really few.
Speaker F: The young people want to be different from their friends.
Speaker F: Although similar, but have something just slightly better.
Speaker F: Pink.
Speaker C: So maybe that if that is a selling point.
Speaker E: Maybe it has to be the base.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: But you know if you want to be different.
Speaker E: You just take your remote control with you all the time.
Speaker E: And it's based on different.
Speaker D: You know?
Speaker E: And you want to pass the remote controls here.
Speaker C: You don't have to say hello.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker F: You know, for instance, take the iPod.
Speaker F: It's a kind of remote control.
Speaker F: It's white.
Speaker F: And it's so white that you see it from anywhere.
Speaker F: It has this distinctive look and feel and look video.
Speaker F: Which people seem to like.
Speaker F: Just because it's a color that we don't usually see in a remote control.
Speaker F: White.
Speaker E: Could we integrate something into our remote control?
Speaker E: Something like light.
Speaker E: That I can use it in darkness.
Speaker E: Oh, the dark.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe like the infrared.
Speaker A: Like we can put some radium chips or something.
Speaker A: So that like at least some.
Speaker A: Enredium?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I'll work with you, Enium.
Speaker A: This is radium.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker E: Well, let's go on maybe with the presentation.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Sure.
Speaker E: And the remote control is going to be smart.
Speaker E: But how smart should it be to not to complicate things too much.
Speaker E: And I don't know.
Speaker E: That's a question to you.
Speaker F: Well, so I heard that it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done.
Speaker F: So that's the smartness of the thing currently.
Speaker F: We don't have guns with speech recognition or beer cans with speech recognition.
Speaker F: But we may have remote controls with speech recognition.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker E: That's a nice one.
Speaker E: Just take a bite.
Speaker F: Don't touch the room.
Speaker F: Thank you.
Speaker F: But yeah.
Speaker F: Are you saying here that the remote control should be aware of who's using it?
Speaker F: So for instance, the young guy would not be able to use it because his father doesn't want.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I just want to say it should be a fingerprint recognition.
Speaker E: The worst recognition is quite enough.
Speaker E: I say don't use it and the control just locks.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Because I ordered.
Speaker A: Just that could be feasible like this.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So since we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition also.
Speaker F: So it could be smart in that way.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker F: But for instance, I'm thinking about the other.
Speaker F: Particularity that the remote control could have since it knows who is using it.
Speaker F: It might also record the kind of channels you are more often using.
Speaker F: Levels of volumes that you're more often.
Speaker F: You know, some things like that and provide you ways of using them.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: That might be expensive.
Speaker F: But that might also be a good sales speech again.
Speaker F: The remote that knows you.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
None: Thanks.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker C: My turn.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Marketing expert.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Sorry.
Speaker C: But spent four I think.
Speaker F: Trend.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So I'm going to talk about trends.
Speaker F: And then I hope this can help us to understand how we should design our remote control.
Speaker F: So next slide please.
Speaker F: So first maybe just a small recap on how do we watch trends.
Speaker F: So it's not so simple.
Speaker F: You might think that it's easy but it's not so simple.
Speaker F: Anyway, these days the best source of information is the web as you know.
Speaker F: So have to go often on the web and look at what the others are doing.
Speaker F: And ask real people who are using real remote controls every day.
Speaker F: Or any other tool that is similar to a remote control, which basically is a small device that people may have with them.
Speaker F: Always like a phone.
Speaker F: We can use the phone as a good example of where to be inspired.
Speaker F: Of course those who are watching the trends are also have also to be inspired because in fact they are not only watching the trends.
Speaker F: They are inventing it.
Speaker F: They are creating the trend.
Speaker F: I hope I'm going to try to help you on that.
Speaker F: This is more risky because you are not following the trend you try to invent it.
Speaker F: Which means either you succeed and you make a lot of money or you don't and you are out of business.
Speaker F: So anyway, next slide please.
Speaker F: To be quick.
Speaker F: There are a lot of words here but basically they are in the market of remote controls.
Speaker F: There are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to.
Speaker F: The first one which seems to be the most important one is that it has to be fancy.
Speaker F: It has to have a fancy look and feel.
Speaker F: Interestingly this is the very most important thing.
Speaker F: It has to be fancy.
Speaker F: Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be with and now that's the second thing it has to be.
Speaker F: It has to be technologically innovative.
Speaker F: It has to be new with some of new technology inside.
Speaker F: This is also more important than the last thing which we may think would have been the most important.
Speaker F: It should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control.
Speaker F: As you see it first has to be very nice.
Speaker F: People are proud of.
Speaker F: They can be identified with and then something that contains very novel stuff that they can talk about with their friends.
Speaker F: Mine has this and not yours.
Speaker F: And finally of course it has to be useful as a remote control.
Speaker F: But it seems that it's not so important that it's used to this remote control.
Speaker F: Next slide please.
Speaker F: Now in a more general broad way of seeing the thing.
Speaker F: If we look back and not look at only remote controls I think it's important to see that the trends are quite the same in many areas.
Speaker F: So currently the trends that we see in big cities like Paris and Milan.
Speaker F: Well it seems that this year things should have a fruit and vegetable way of Luca feel.
Speaker F: And I think of course it applies to everything that's the thing with trends.
Speaker F: It can travel from cloth to furniture.
Speaker F: Same idea fruit and vegetable.
Speaker F: And if we compare to last year now it has to be spongy.
Speaker F: So I think when we were talking about rubber I think the rubber aspect might be important because it's what is pretty more visible in terms of sponginess.
Speaker C: So maybe Titanyam is not a good idea.
Speaker A: Seems not.
Speaker A: We need to think about...
Speaker F: I'm sorry Mark.
Speaker F: I think more of something in the colors of fruits and vegetables and spongy.
Speaker F: Even in the shape it has to be more round and more colorful.
Speaker F: It looks natural somehow.
Speaker F: And not those futuristic remote controls with angles and Titanyam like.
Speaker F: So that's what people seem to...
Speaker C: All fashion.
Speaker F: Quite far from what you thought but that's fashion man.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay that's all I have to say.
Speaker A: So these update is mainly addressed by people or...
Speaker A: I'm sorry.
Speaker A: You got some update, fashion updates.
Speaker F: Yeah we have people listening to the trends everywhere in the world of course.
Speaker F: Our company is quite big.
Speaker F: It's not fun.
Speaker F: I think it's more general trend.
Speaker A: It's more general trend.
Speaker A: It's not particular to remote controls.
Speaker F: No it's not.
Speaker F: This is very general.
Speaker F: But it seems that trends travel across things.
Speaker A: Yeah but some materials there to be something like solid.
Speaker A: We can't build this conduit.
Speaker F: I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables.
Speaker A: Yeah at least I...
Speaker F: But we still have to put our chips inside.
Speaker F: Yeah of course.
Speaker F: This is your problem.
Speaker F: This is not mine.
Speaker A: Yeah looking fruit.
Speaker A: These teams can be easily incorporated.
Speaker A: I think in the colors or the kind of material.
Speaker F: If it's something like rubber made or...
Speaker F: Yeah I think it's also going to be good.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker C: One more question.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Thanks.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: So we will have the next meeting in 30 minutes again.
Speaker C: And now you have to concentrate on this individual action which are for...
Speaker C: Rama...
Speaker C: You can feel it.
Speaker C: Design...
Speaker C: Mark the user interface design and Sami the product evaluation.
Speaker C: You will work together on a prototype using modeling clay.
Speaker C: Sounds interesting.
Speaker C: And I...
Speaker C: As always your personal coach will send you specific instruction.
None: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Thanks.
Speaker A: So can we highlight the specific features of our...
Speaker A: Yeah you're right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So we want the speech recognizer and we want...
Speaker A: Some kind of buttons and we want some teams like fruits or vegetables.
Speaker A: So you say...
Speaker A: We also follow the general trend.
Speaker A: Spongy.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Do we agree on that?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You have to.
Speaker E: So do you think...
Speaker E: So we have to...
Speaker F: No we don't have to.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: Seems it's the trend.
Speaker F: Again as I said we can also try to make it.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker E: So we get the trend.
Speaker E: So there's no way confident enough in creating trends.
Speaker F: Well that's you can try to convince us.
Speaker E: Wow.
Speaker E: We can make it smell like fruit.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: That's a good idea.
Speaker C: So titanium smell like fruits.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: So what about location and these people are really interesting on those features or they really...
Speaker A: Like there are more on these fancy features.
Speaker F: I think it's again in this...
Speaker F: What I said first it has to be fancy.
Speaker F: So I think if nobody else provides currently remote control with that kind of feature.
Speaker F: And if we can provide it I think it's a good sell for us.
Speaker F: Because we have it and others don't.
Speaker F: It's fancy.
Speaker F: Whether it's useful or not doesn't seem to be very important.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker C: I agree with this.
Speaker C: Now we have to decide on what kind of fanciness.
Speaker C: Do we take titanium smelling like fruit?
Speaker C: Or do we make spongy fruit like fruit?
Speaker A: We will try to explore these two options.
Speaker A: Maybe we can explore the two options.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Could we make a titanium shape?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah at least we can put fruit shapes.
Speaker C: But you say that you cannot do double shaped...
Speaker A: Yeah it beats.
Speaker A: Yeah that's a way to look for alternatives and...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: We have to see whether rubber is expensive and...
Speaker E: In fact I just agreed to make titanium panels on a whole rubber body.
Speaker E: Well okay.
Speaker C: Okay so you explore now that you're going to work together.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: These two are spongy and...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe we can have two different disassembly.
Speaker A: Also like one spongy and one kind of titanium.
Speaker A: But since they're chips we have only the plastic or that...
Speaker A: Oh for the size.
Speaker A: Yeah fiber chips or...
Speaker C: Yeah I don't think... I think we have to choose...
Speaker C: If we choose titanium or if we choose spongy but it cannot be both.
Speaker E: I really don't like this model in clay because you know it makes some balance for...
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker E: For creation.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Oh look.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah you can't do the exact tenures.
Speaker F: You can paint it after work.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: We have a very large department of...
Speaker F: Yeah don't worry.
Speaker C: You will do it.
Speaker C: You will do it.
Speaker C: You will do it.
Speaker E: Alright.
None: Alright.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So explore a shape.
Speaker A: So still we want to keep LCD or...
Speaker C: I think it's what we say that we have a new CD with information.
Speaker F: The thing is that if we want to have as he says, if we want to have a small number of buttons...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Then we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: User friendly.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: That's the converse to having the zillions of buttons where each button does only one thing.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: And we just stick with two batteries so it's not any...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So we stick less time in that.
Speaker F: We don't reinvent the wheel.
Speaker F: Anyway it's very...
Speaker F: In general I think people change TV more often than batteries of their remote control.
Speaker F: So because the trend goes faster than the life of them.
Speaker F: So it's too low.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Now we...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We're done.
Speaker C: We're done.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So see you in 30 minutes.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
