None: I'm going to hang it open up with me.
None: I don't know.
Speaker D: I'm throwing away my toothpick.
Speaker D: Hi there.
Speaker A: Ew...
Speaker A: Eh...
None: right?
Speaker B: Do you have something called Asus Forum?
Speaker D: Nice.
None:agu Yeah, what the...
Speaker B: I've made a presentation, but I'll open it on the smart board, so we can all see it.
Speaker B: So it's in the project documents because that's what we can find here.
Speaker B: So, very nice.
Speaker B: Well this is called the Kick-Off Meeting, so I'm the project manager, so I have to fill it in.
Speaker B: So, we'll do the opening.
Speaker B: And then we'll meet each other, what we already do, so that's not very much trouble.
Speaker B: I'll show you the tools we have here, so we can all use them.
Speaker B: Then we'll look at the project plan from real reaction.
Speaker B: We'll discuss about our first adhes about the project, and then we'll close the meeting and then we can individually do our things and then we'll get back here.
Speaker B: So this is the opening.
Speaker B: We'll design a new division remote control.
Speaker B: You've heard that already I think, so we want it to be original.
Speaker B: So a nice new design.
Speaker B: Trendy, it's also for young people.
Speaker B: We have to just make it modern and friendly, so size does matter.
Speaker B: And well, it has to have the right buttons on the right place, those kind of things.
Speaker B: There are, there happen to be three stages, and going into a functional conceptual and detailed design.
Speaker B: So every time we do some individual work, get meeting, talk about it, and then go into the next phase.
Speaker B: That's just it.
Speaker B: We have these two smart words.
Speaker B: As I just showed, there's a project management folder, a project document folder on the desktop.
Speaker B: It just works exactly the same as a printer.
Speaker B: You just click on the folder and you open everything, you put in it with your laptop.
Speaker B: So you can make words, excel, everything.
Speaker B: The rest also works the same, so when you open a note pad, you just get your piece.
Speaker B: You can draw.
Speaker B: This is a drawing board.
Speaker B: You have these different functions on the board.
Speaker B: You can see them there.
Speaker B: So you have a nice pen.
Speaker B: And it works just like a bull pen.
Speaker B: This is just a bull going to.
Speaker B: I want to, of course it doesn't work anymore.
Speaker C: Maybe you should try to write on the big white.
Speaker B: Yes, it works.
Speaker B: Eraser, yeah.
Speaker B: It's wonderful.
Speaker B: Fantastic.
Speaker B: We can, well, you can save a file.
Speaker B: So if we draw, we have to save everything, don't throw anything away.
Speaker B: Just we can start a new one.
Speaker B: And we just go on and don't throw anything away, just let them all stand here.
Speaker B: We can delete, but we don't do that.
Speaker B: You can here select a pen, you can draw anything you want.
Speaker B: It's a bit childish, you have to write.
Speaker B: It's not as fast as you know it, but it does work sometimes.
Speaker A: Well, it's just like a normal paint.
Speaker B: So let's go.
Speaker B: Alright, yep.
Speaker B: Well, we are designers, so we have to have a more, a smart board.
Speaker B: So that's fantastic.
Speaker B: Well, this speaks for itself.
Speaker B: We're going to try it.
Speaker B: So we all are going to draw a nice animal on this board, not Mahari.
Speaker D: Alright, your favorite animal.
Speaker A: Yes, your favorite.
Speaker A: So I'm going to have to draw a kangaroo, but I'm going, I'm not going to.
Speaker B: I'm just going to draw a nice beast.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: But I'm going to be like, oh.
Speaker A: That's not.
Speaker C: I hope this was part of the assignment and not your assignment.
Speaker C: I hope this was part of the assignment and not your personal enjoyment.
Speaker A: I just said it's not my idea, but I am the recognition.
Speaker A: Officially, this is my idea.
Speaker A: I understand.
Speaker D: We're not losing time though.
Speaker D: We're losing time.
Speaker B: The first meeting is just a bit loose.
Speaker B: It's not.
Speaker B: A bit meeting in China.
Speaker B: Well, nice.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: I hope our industrial design does this better because this is just a count on it.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: A few.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes.
Speaker A: Hippo.
Speaker A: Well, I should be making it, but now I think it's a mouse for a rat.
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker C: Oh, I know it.
Speaker C: Well, what is it?
Speaker A: It's a hedgehog.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: You're a difficult English word.
Speaker A: I didn't knew it myself.
Speaker C: Well, I'm amazed about your drawing skills.
Speaker B: How characteristics sum it up.
Speaker A: Well, it's very painful.
Speaker A: Those guys.
Speaker A: So we can just...
Speaker A: We're going back.
Speaker A: And now our industrial design can draw its...
Speaker A: I am the industrial design.
Speaker C: No, it's a favorite animal.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker C: Chief, I'm the industrial design.
Speaker B: Oh, but marketing design.
Speaker C: I think...
Speaker C: It resembles the animal drawn by Dick Bruner.
Speaker D: It's Nanji.
Speaker A: Nanji, what kind of animal is that?
Speaker A: I think.
Speaker C: Can I say it?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker A: It's...
Speaker A: It's a hard rib rat.
Speaker D: It's a rabbit.
Speaker D: Well, looks very nice, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It looks amazing.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker B: What are you going to do?
Speaker E: The one who erase it.
Speaker E: No, no, no.
Speaker B: Save it and start a new...
Speaker B: Save it?
Speaker B: These are very important...
Speaker C: These are very important documents, of course.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, we have to save everything.
Speaker B: So, now the next one...
Speaker B: You go, man.
Speaker B: And then save it and start a blank document.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: There's also different colors and different...
Speaker B: Well, penwifes.
Speaker B: The line, the thickness.
Speaker B: So, well, you shoot a triad, but...
Speaker B: I should have made mine a white rabbit.
Speaker B: Well, you could have, but...
Speaker C: He deliberately draws with an animal we don't know the English word for.
Speaker C: What the...
Speaker C: It looks like...
Speaker C: Just a duck.
Speaker C: Looks like the beast from Sesame Street.
Speaker D: Pino.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Big bird.
Speaker D: It's the...
None: It's the...
None: Is the plane?
None: Right.
Speaker A: That's a bird.
Speaker A: But what kind of bird?
Speaker D: It doesn't draw...
Speaker B: Do we have to...
Speaker B: That easy...
Speaker B: You have to push harder.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just a bit childish, bit shorter.
Speaker C: But we have to name the specific species of the bird.
Speaker C: No, I don't.
Speaker E: It's just a bird.
Speaker E: Well, wonderful.
Speaker B: Well, what a safe document.
Speaker B: And then...
Speaker B: And then...
Speaker B: And then a new blank document for Tys.
Speaker B: Tys will choose a new color and a new pen wife.
Speaker B: So why do I have to do the difficult tasks?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Well, first.
Speaker B: And then you go to four mods, I think.
Speaker B: Current color.
Speaker B: Current color.
Speaker B: And I knew a...
Speaker B: I like...
Speaker B: They don't have pink.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker C: I think this is...
Speaker B: And a new pen wife.
Speaker B: Also format.
Speaker B: It's not like in paint.
Speaker B: Line wife.
Speaker B: And you can choose line with with with with each other.
Speaker C: 50.
Speaker C: And then I can draw.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: So just the way you do it.
Speaker B: It's quite easy.
Speaker A: It's supposed to get...
Speaker A: I have a pussy.
Speaker C: The line width is too thick.
Speaker B: Well, then you change it.
Speaker B: Any raised things?
Speaker C: It's big.
Speaker C: It smiles nicely.
Speaker A: Super big.
Speaker C: Now I have to change the line.
Speaker C: One.
Speaker C: These are whiskers, you know.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: Well, I think it's obvious right now.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: It's cat.
Speaker D: No, it looks great.
None: Meow.
Speaker C: Meow.
Speaker C: If this is enough, you're...
Speaker A: Well, well, just save it.
Speaker C: I'll save it.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: Save.
Speaker B: And start a new blank document.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Blank.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: So that's what we're going to use when we need it.
Speaker C: Well, I feel comfortable now.
Speaker A: Thanks for the service.
Speaker A: I feel totally eddy now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker A: We're one big, happy family now.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, then the serious stuff.
Speaker B: We want to set it at 25 euros internationally.
Speaker B: So we don't know what exactly it is in dollars, but...
Speaker B: Change of euros.
Speaker B: Our profit aim is worldwide.
Speaker B: 50 million euros.
Speaker B: So I didn't exactly calculate how much we have to sell.
Speaker B: We want to keep it at our costs at 12 and a half euros.
Speaker B: So keep that in mind when we talk about our materials and stuff.
Speaker B: Marketing research.
Speaker B: Now, then we can sit down and discuss what do we think about our current remote controls.
Speaker B: First, this is about design, about aim, the markets, etc.
Speaker B: But we can sit down because presentation can wait.
Speaker B: We can take notes.
Speaker B: And well, who has some remarks about the current remote controls?
Speaker C: Well, I didn't have to prepare anything about...
Speaker C: It's not my text to talk about experience with current remote controls.
Speaker B: Well, just we're at four.
Speaker D: I think we just have one.
Speaker D: It's important to look at the remote controls of our competitors.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Get the good points, try to merge them into one universal remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: On our corporate site, I saw a new DVD player we're going to produce.
Speaker D: Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the DVD player.
Speaker D: There would be a nice idea, yes.
Speaker D: So you can use your television and your DVD player with the same remote control?
None: Yep.
Speaker D: Furthermore, it's important to make it acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures, maybe.
Speaker D: Because we want to set off, well, 50 million.
Speaker B: Yes, 50 million is our aim to profit.
Speaker D: A lot of people have to be able to use it.
Speaker C: But the buttons have to have international recognizable buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker C: Numbers and that every culture and people in every country can recognize.
Speaker B: I'll make notes and then maybe...
Speaker B: Oh, I put it in the project folder when I'm done just now.
Speaker E: Well, we should not add too many buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah, remote.
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker B: You don't use the half of them.
Speaker B: That's the same culture, international.
Speaker D: Maybe you can make one button to switch between DVD player and TV.
Speaker D: And make the other buttons multi-functional.
Speaker C: Yeah, so it doesn't become too complicated with too much buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: And maybe we even have more than just a DVD player.
Speaker B: Don't we have other...
Speaker E: Yeah, we should make a compatible stereo.
Speaker B: We also just released a TFT...
Speaker B: Yeah, so I saw.
Speaker D: Kind of standard television.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So it also works on that.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And I think the people who will buy our remote already have some experience with remote.
Speaker E: So we can keep...
Speaker E: Motion.
Speaker C: People do.
Speaker B: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: It doesn't have to be...
Speaker C: It doesn't have to be.
Speaker E: It's a new remote and you don't buy a remote if you don't have anything to control with it.
Speaker B: Except if we deliver it together with our DVD.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: We need to keep it consistent with other...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because we look at competitors and if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: But it's...
Speaker D: That's different.
Speaker C: We use it.
Speaker E: At the same time.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah, we could use another form or shape or...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The shape will have to be recognized.
Speaker C: I thought about the...
Speaker C: Like most remote controls are a long box shaped thing.
Speaker C: You can make it triangle shaped.
Speaker C: That's not very recognizable.
Speaker E: Or more oval or something.
Speaker E: Oval.
Speaker A: And...
Speaker A: We can use it as a gamepad.
Speaker A: Oh, it's new.
Speaker A: Nothing to add.
Speaker A: One hand has the beer.
Speaker A: The other hand.
Speaker E: Now the young people want something different.
Speaker E: Well, we already...
Speaker D: One of our aims is that it has to be original.
Speaker B: And...
Speaker B: It has to be...
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But you still have to know it's remote and not another...
Speaker C: Well, there has been done a lot of research about remote.
Speaker B: We have to...
Speaker B: We can imagine because it's a long time on the market.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So the form will have been tested out.
Speaker B: So the long box shaped thing must be...
Speaker C: Yeah, usual.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Or else they would have been...
Speaker A: For me personally, I have a lot of remotes at home.
Speaker B: But those ones that have a round ending and...
Speaker B: Well, just in a square middle.
Speaker B: I don't like to use them.
Speaker B: I have to...
Speaker B: It has to fit my hand.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: When it falls over it and I just have...
Speaker B: And then the better...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I use most...
Speaker C: Yeah, a long box shaped.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You have to...
Speaker B: It fits your hand.
Speaker B: Then you just push the button that you use most.
Speaker B: I don't agree with the long box shaped.
Speaker D: Why not?
Speaker D: That's the way we custom made for the hand.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's a few.
Speaker D: No, those new DVDs.
Speaker B: But it's just for the hand.
Speaker C: If you want to have those.
Speaker C: You can make it another shape.
Speaker C: But then you have...
Speaker E: If you look at new Philips day-to-day spades with...
Speaker E: New displays.
Speaker E: Yes, it is.
Speaker E: Yes, it is.
Speaker E: They are...
Speaker E: The new remotes aren't box shaped.
Speaker E: What else?
Speaker D: That's all fashion.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: So what do you suggest then?
Speaker E: Well, most of them are...
Speaker E: Some with thicker at the end.
Speaker E: Yeah, right.
Speaker E: And get thinner towards the other end.
Speaker E: Well...
Speaker C: But it's still the long box.
Speaker C: But then with some round forms to fit your hand.
Speaker B: It has...
Speaker B: It still...
Speaker B: That's shaped that it fits your hand.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, alright.
Speaker C: But it's still...
Speaker C: It's still the sort of box.
Speaker C: It has round forms, but in the end it's still the box.
Speaker C: So that's what I mean.
Speaker D: Yeah, but it has to fit your hand.
Speaker C: Yeah, I understand.
Speaker C: But it's two books.
Speaker C: Now I don't mean an entire box like...
Speaker C: Convenient square, but also with round edges, of course.
Speaker C: But at the end it's still this long...
Speaker C: Yeah, it should be...
Speaker C: Box shaped with...
Speaker C: Convenient round shapes.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: To fit like this.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then...
Speaker D: Yeah, but I thought about something like that.
Speaker D: Between different systems like the D player.
Speaker D: And so you can...
Speaker D: A big recognizable button on top or something.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: And I do think we have to keep this kind of for there...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: With the numbers.
Speaker B: We have five minutes left.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: The buttons should also be not too small, not too big, of course.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Not too close together.
Speaker D: But it should be possible to make it apparent that there are two functions for every button.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: There has to be some space between the buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, of course.
Speaker C: To have icons to explain the different functions.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And maybe you should use colors.
Speaker E: Colors, yeah.
Speaker E: On the screen maybe we can just like on cell phones.
Speaker E: Those...
Speaker E: You know, flanges.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: You can put on them.
Speaker E: That's kind of true.
Speaker E: So you can customize your own remote with different colors or...
Speaker E: Yeah, right.
Speaker E:...with paint jobs.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker C: Sounds nice.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: I think we have to talk also about the materials for...
Speaker B: Well, it's just about...
Speaker B: I have here.
Speaker B: So I think individually we'll have to come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets, etc.
Speaker B: Already thought about some things.
Speaker D: It's important to notate all the decisions that they make.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker B: Well, 30 minutes we have.
Speaker B: Mm-hmm.
Speaker B: This is about what we're going to do.
Speaker B: You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room.
Speaker B: So it's logical, I think.
Speaker B: No problem.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: And that's all.
Speaker B: So we'll just get a notice that the meeting is over.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now we can still talk about the materials.
Speaker C: We have some minutes left.
Speaker C: I wrote down the case should be plastic, of course, hard plastic.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The button should be rubber.
Speaker D: I think it shouldn't be too ugly.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker B: I have had remotes that they had the function of the buttons was about a layer over the buttons.
Speaker B: And when I had used it much, it was gone.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it has to be made in the buttons, I think.
Speaker B: It has to not be used.
Speaker C: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: And of course there are several electrical cables in it to connect things.
Speaker B: Is there a universal way of transmitting from the remote to the televisions?
Speaker B: It's all about...
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker B: It's not that it's in a standard way.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It would go in for red beams and in for red beams.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But you can have, of course, different between DVDs and televisions.
Speaker C: It's that we make a universal remote.
Speaker C: So it has to work with all kinds of brands.
Speaker C: And...
Speaker E: With actual V's are mostly made in China and that sort of kind of thing.
Speaker A: Probably, yes.
Speaker A: China rules.
Speaker C: And, well, yeah, I've wrote something down about how it works.
Speaker C: The user presses a button and with an infrared beam.
Speaker C: But the signal's still a fishing set accordingly, but that's pretty obvious.
Speaker D: Are we going with the frontest idea?
Speaker B: Well, I think we can look into that in the next video.
Speaker B: We should make it universal.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And you can always use a front on it, you know?
Speaker D: You can use it just plain.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But you can...
Speaker B: Well, just...
Speaker B: You can't...
Speaker B: A normal front with it, but you can change them when you buy it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: And we shoot, dispatch those kind of front fronts around the world.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker E: We make profit with them and it's a way to make them train you.
Speaker B: Well, those 50 million don't sell itself.
Speaker B: So we have to make some extra effort like from...
Speaker C: Yeah, but the standard front will be just gray or something.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a symbol color, not very fleshy color.
Speaker B: Well, it has to fit the television and DVD sets we are going to sell.
Speaker B: So if they are black and silver...
Speaker B: Pink will make them black and silver.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker E: Standard.
Speaker D: But people often don't like bright colors or something.
Speaker D: We have to make it gray or blue.
Speaker D: Well, young people, yeah, but then you can use front.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I must not forget my pen that time.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: If you have a television room for little children and you make...
Speaker B: If you buy a pink front, they'll love it.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker B: I think that's marketing research.
Speaker B: That's the best for them.
Speaker B: You can ask...
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: I will first go.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Well, I usually in the face you can...
Speaker B: Maybe I don't know what your specific instructions will be, but probably about the position of the buttons and those kind of things, and what buttons will have to be on the remote.
Speaker B: And you will look into the technical design and form, I think.
Speaker C: Yeah, also the look and feel of the remote source on my desk.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: What's the URL of the website?
Speaker C: Yeah, I was wondering that too.
Speaker C: You went to the company website.
Speaker C: If you start up, it starts to finish.
Speaker B: Finish meeting now!
Speaker B: Oh, all right.
Speaker B: Well, we're going to back...
Speaker B: I can do our rooms.
Speaker B: Well, that's great.
Speaker B: The next meeting is in 30 minutes.
Speaker B: But I think it will be a little bit worn.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker E: To get over here.
Speaker B: I'll have to restore my desktop.
Speaker A: It's totally broken.
Speaker A: It's the half of the normal size.
Speaker A: Right, she'll have it all done.
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker A: No!
Speaker A: Oh!
Speaker A: Oh!
Speaker A: Oh!
Speaker A: Oh!
Speaker A: Oh!
Speaker A: It was a nice meeting.
Speaker A: No, it's a nice meeting.
None: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker C: All right, I'll see you in 30 minutes now.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'll see you.
Speaker A: Yeah.
