Speaker A: I see.
Speaker D: Oh, it's so far, sir.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: cybersecurity Videos
Speaker D: Okay so welcome back what do we have to do? First I want to say I'm the secretary so I'll make the minutes you find them in your in the map in the from the group just the minutes from the first meeting you'll find the next minutes also there then I want to hear from you what you've done and after that I have some new products requirements so and after that we have to make decisions what we will do and then we're ready we're 40 minutes for this meeting after that we have lunch so first I want to ask the industrial designer to tell what he did that's my job okay
Speaker C: I've saved it on my computer my presentation
Speaker D: but where what's the name what's the name of it
Speaker C: it was about the working of the remote control the technical function or the functional requirements working design but safe now I don't know where it is
Speaker D: and this is product documents
Speaker C: and I'm partitioned to desktop
Speaker D: up up up up up my jockens f
Speaker C: away and and I had one presentation.
Speaker D: Where can you study?
Speaker C: Open it.
Speaker C: Okay, here it is.
Speaker D: Save as...not a cookie.
Speaker C: Mmm, desktop.
Speaker D: I'll check that.
Speaker D: Save.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Very good.
Speaker C: A little later, but here it is.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: So...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It's a little difficult when I'm going to tell you.
Speaker C: It's about the working of the remote control.
Speaker C: I just had an half an hour to study it and...
Speaker C: I don't get it.
Speaker C: There's 10 minutes to tell it.
Speaker C: 10 minutes to tell it.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I think it will be a few minutes and...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: First, I will tell you something about the findings when I discovered about the remote control, the working of it.
Speaker C: Then I'll have some kind of map and it's the top of the remote control with a little bit of science.
Speaker C: I'll show it in a few minutes.
Speaker C: And then what I'll think about it.
Speaker C: First, the findings.
Speaker C: The remote control is a very difficult thing to explain to just all of you who haven't seen the remote control inside.
Speaker C: There's a lot of plastic on it because it's not so expensive.
Speaker C: And there are a lot of wires which connect the components in it, the battery and switches and things like that.
Speaker C: There's a lot of small electronics, so it won't be too expensive to build it.
Speaker C: And the 12-year-of-50, I think, will make it.
Speaker C: And here I have the top of the remote control.
Speaker C: Here's some kind of chip.
Speaker C: On top of this are the numbers.
Speaker C: You have all of your remote control and the teletext button.
Speaker C: Here's the battery.
Speaker C: When you push the button, it will be sent to the chip.
Speaker C: And the chip will send it to all kind of sub-components.
Speaker C: That's what I said.
Speaker C: It's very difficult.
Speaker C: And after that, it will be sent to infrared.
Speaker C: And that will send it to your television.
Speaker C: That's a short how it works.
Speaker C: I think I can make it difficult, but we all don't get it.
Speaker C: My preference is it won't be...we shouldn't make it too big.
Speaker C: Also for the cost.
Speaker C: We should only put one battery on it, a long lasting battery.
Speaker C: Also for the cost.
Speaker C: Use only plastic, not other materials.
Speaker C: Also because of the cost.
Speaker C: Not too much buttons on it.
Speaker C: You can also make a menu button.
Speaker C: Then you will see it on a TV.
Speaker C: On a TV, you can switch into the menu.
Speaker C: I think it's easier.
Speaker C: And the bleeps in you.
Speaker C: You told us.
Speaker C: But we can also use a bleep like something.
Speaker C: When the battery is empty, then there's a bleep.
Speaker C: You have to change it in a week or something.
Speaker C: And also the bleep, what I told you about when you lost it and you push your button, and then you were bleep bleep, and we will find it.
Speaker C: This is just...
Speaker D: Two questions. The battery.
Speaker D: You say one battery is cheaper.
Speaker D: Why?
Speaker C: If we use only just one small pen light, then it will be cheaper now.
Speaker D: When you use two, you can use it two times longer.
Speaker C: But then we have to make the remote control long-lasting.
Speaker D: So it's the size of the remote control?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And the buttons.
Speaker D: When you use it on the television, you need the television which can use it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But I think our remote control is for the television.
Speaker C: So we sell in our company, or is it also for other television?
Speaker D: I think we have to use it also on other television.
Speaker C: Then this is an option.
Speaker C: So maybe just a menu button to use it on our television.
Speaker C: And we make it easier for our television and on the other television.
Speaker C: You can also use it, but then...
Speaker D: I think there are two different things.
Speaker D: We have to choose one.
Speaker D: That's to work on all television.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Then I think the menu button will only work on the newer televisions.
Speaker C: And we will look forward and don't make remote control, which is for all the televisions.
Speaker C: And I just have one more idea.
Speaker C: Maybe it's one of your tasks.
Speaker C: But to have a trendy remote control, we can also make something like the Nokia mobile phones to change covers.
Speaker C: So if you have a trendy house with all red, yellow and something, then you can put a red cover on it.
Speaker C: And also different things.
Speaker A: So we will just add to the cost.
Speaker C: Then it won't be... we will have just one cover on the original one.
Speaker C: And then you can buy the covers.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: But you have to be able to change it to make it more difficult to design.
Speaker C: I think it will be a little more difficult, but not too much.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Just like with the Nokia mobile phones.
Speaker D: Much more Nokia telephones than these ones.
Speaker C: Yeah, but then we will have to just put five covers on it and see if it works, if it won't work, then we will get something else.
Speaker C: And we won't go further with it.
Speaker D: Are the profits bigger than the cost?
Speaker C: A cover made in China, it won't be so expensive, I think.
Speaker D: But also design costs. I don't think when you have remote control, do you change the coffee?
Speaker D: Maybe.
Speaker C: Would you change the coffee?
Speaker C: I won't.
Speaker C: But maybe I think trending people or children, when you're campaigned on it and the children say, Oh, this is my remote. So I made a picture on it.
Speaker D: I think that two less people would change it for good profit.
Speaker C: So, do you other people do you think about it?
Speaker B: Yeah, it's a good idea, but if it will make profit enough.
Speaker B: But it's an original idea.
Speaker D: Yes, it is.
Speaker D: But I don't think we have to do it.
Speaker C: You're the project manager.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Yes, that's it.
Speaker D: That's clear.
Speaker D: Okay, thank you.
Speaker D: So now the user interface design.
Speaker C: Come on.
Speaker B: Yes, well, I shall give a short talk about the technical function design.
Speaker B: I thought the technical function design was for a remote control to have some influence on the TV set, both audio and video in a cordless way, now cords attached.
Speaker B: And, well, by pushing a button on the remote.
Speaker B: That was from my own experience and the previous meeting.
Speaker B: I find some interesting quotes on the web.
Speaker B: Well, the same idea here.
Speaker B: Message to the television.
Speaker B: And, well, basic operations like on and off and switching channels and maybe a daily text or something like that.
Speaker B: Well, these are two remotes.
Speaker B: And that's our dilemma, I think.
Speaker B: We just heard from the industrial designer how difficult it is, but shall we make a basic remote control with just swap in channels and volume and power button and more functions on the remote.
Speaker B: Maybe more devices you can influence radio or video recorder, VCR.
Speaker B: Well, that's our dilemma.
Speaker B: Any ideas about that?
Speaker B: Basic or multifunctional?
Speaker D: We'll go back on that later.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, that was just on my mind.
Speaker B: I didn't know what way we would go.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, that was my functional talk.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay, thank you.
Speaker D: Then your turn, the marketing is there.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay, this is a bit too far.
Speaker A: So I'm going to have a presentation about the market, about what people think.
Speaker A: We did a usability lab test with vendors' persons and we looked at several things among them behind them, the design, did they like the use of it?
Speaker A: What's the stage in the ad while using remote controls?
Speaker A: Well, what will be our market?
Speaker A: And we asked them if we had some new features, if that would be a good idea or not.
Speaker A: Well, our findings.
Speaker A: Our users, they dislike to look and feel of current remote controls.
Speaker A: They especially found them very early and they also found them hard to learn how to use it.
Speaker A: Well, they also shape a lot, so shaping should be very easy.
Speaker A: And 50% of the users only use 10% of the business, so a lot of unused business.
Speaker A: There is more findings on the business, which business find users very important and with which not, and how much do they use them.
Speaker A: Well, the most used button is the channels selection and we asked them how relevant they think the business are, the power, volume and channel selections are very relevant.
Speaker A: Tail attacks is less relevant but also important.
Speaker A: Not important, they found the audio, it's not the volume but specific, the pitch or the left or right.
Speaker A: The screen and the brightness and channel settings, and they also are not used very often.
Speaker A: Then we have a few graphs about the market.
Speaker A: Here we can see what the market share is of several groups.
Speaker A: As you can see, most users are between 36 and 45.
Speaker A: The younger group between 6 and 25 is not very big.
Speaker A: To come back on the swapping things, I don't think the younger will be most interested in it, but they are not a very big group.
Speaker A: In the area we asked them how would you like a new feature if you have an LCD on the remote control?
Speaker A: What would you think of it?
Speaker A: You can clearly see young users say, hey, they will be very nice and all the users think they are scared of change, they won't like it.
Speaker A: Another thing, how would you like to have a speech recognition on it?
Speaker A: Well, we see the same young users think that's an interesting idea and all users not.
Speaker A: We found out that there are two several markers at which we can aim.
Speaker A: The first are the younger, the age between 16 and 45.
Speaker A: They are interested in the features, as you can see here.
Speaker A: There are more critical on their money spending.
Speaker A: The second group is the older group, the age between 46 and 65.
Speaker A: They are less interested in new features, but they spend their money more easily.
Speaker A: Now, if you look back at this graph, we can see that among the first group is about 60% and the second group about 40%.
Speaker A: So the first group is bigger.
Speaker A: Then I come to my personal preferences.
Speaker A: The first question is also we have to ask is at which mark do we aim at?
Speaker A: Of course, saying we aim at a young group doesn't say that all people won't buy it, but less of them will buy it.
Speaker A: Well, I fact even young people say it's hard to use remote control.
Speaker A: So if you make a remote control that is very easy to use, especially in the test group, even the young group will also be more interested.
Speaker A: We can make special features, but I think it looks nice in the first time.
Speaker A: But when you use it, I don't know what's a good thing of speech recognition.
Speaker A: Well, that's my second point.
Speaker A: Less important functions should be described from the remote control.
Speaker A: This is about the discussion we had earlier.
Speaker A: You can find most functions on the FE set.
Speaker A: You don't have to have a lot of audio options or screen options to change the brightness and those things.
Speaker A: Well, the design is very important.
Speaker A: One thing I didn't say I think is that a lot of users also said that I would buy a good looking remote control if there would be one, but they found most remote controls very early.
Speaker A: So the design of our remote control is very important.
Speaker A: It should be very self-friendly as most users use it for that.
Speaker A: That were my findings.
Speaker C: Okay, thank you.
Speaker C: One question, if we aim for the younger people, and there will be a lot of features like LCD or the speech recognising, the cost will be a lot higher.
Speaker C: I think we don't have that in our budget.
Speaker B: Do you think?
Speaker B: I don't think 25 euros for a remote is really cheap or something.
Speaker B: It's hard to get the younger.
Speaker D: I think LCD is cheaper than speech recognitions.
Speaker D: I think that can be a good option.
Speaker D: LCD, just LCD.
Speaker D: Only the LCD.
Speaker D: But we'll get back on that.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Now.
Speaker D: Oh, good.
Speaker D: What to do?
Speaker D: We'll go back on the decisions later.
Speaker D: Now, we have a few new product requirements.
Speaker D: First, teletext.
Speaker D: We have internet now, so we don't need the teletext anymore.
Speaker D: So, not necessary.
Speaker D: Next, only for the television, so we don't look at other things like the radio or something.
Speaker D: Only the television.
Speaker D: Third.
Speaker D: We look at the 8th group of 40 plus.
Speaker D: Now, younger than 40.
Speaker D: Big group, and like you showed, not very much people buy our stuff.
Speaker D: Fourth point, our corporate color and slogan must be used.
Speaker D: Very important for the design.
Speaker D: So, you can see it on our side.
Speaker D: Next.
Speaker D: We have to make our decisions what we want to do.
Speaker D: So, like you said, we need the 8th guy.
Speaker D: Maybe it's good to put it in a document.
Speaker D: We have to decide what controls do we need.
Speaker D: So, maybe you can tell us.
Speaker A: Maybe we can first have a discussion on the product requirements you just said.
Speaker A: Sorry.
Speaker A: The requirements you just said.
Speaker A: Yes, maybe you should first have a discussion about that.
Speaker A: Yes, I personally think teletext is a good option.
Speaker A: Not everyone who's looking to speak can go to the internet when they want to see the latest news.
Speaker D: But we don't use it.
Speaker D: It's not my requirements.
Speaker C: We'll just have to do that.
Speaker C: We have to do this.
Speaker C: Okay, no discussion about it.
Speaker D: So, what controls do we need?
Speaker D: We'll first.
Speaker D: Power button.
Speaker D: Power.
Speaker B: I think separate channels.
Speaker D: Oh, channel.
Speaker B: But then both the separate channels.
Speaker B: So, zero to nine or something.
Speaker D: Zero to nine.
Speaker D: It's easy to pick what was your one.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: We have.
Speaker D: Where was that example?
Speaker D: Hello.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: What do we need?
Speaker C: All of zero to nine.
Speaker A: To change to the next channel, just one button to move up, move down.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's the channel.
Speaker D: Do we make menu?
Speaker D: Menu.
Speaker D: Here's the new data efficient.
Speaker D: I think the only one or two numbers.
Speaker D: And that's it.
Speaker A: I think it will be quite useful for Avos, up down for channel selection, left, right for volume, and a menu button.
Speaker A: And if you press the menu button, you get into the menu and you can use the same buttons, but to tend to scroll to the menu and change options on the LCD screen.
Speaker A: You mean?
Speaker A: Well, yeah, that depends on if you have the menu on the TV, or you get the menu on the LCD screen on the remote control.
Speaker D: I think it's better to have it on the remote control.
Speaker D: Because it has to work on all television.
Speaker D: So, yes.
Speaker C: But then we'll come to the cast.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But if we have this.
Speaker A: But if we aim at the younger market, as we've seen in the usability lab, they will buy a nice-looking remote control.
Speaker A: And also to find the easy-to-use part, very important.
Speaker A: So if you have LCD screen and not too many buttons, I think that will increase even when it's a bit more cost to still sell.
Speaker D: So now we don't have a lot of buttons.
Speaker D: Is this enough?
Speaker D: Mute.
Speaker D: Mute.
Speaker B: Maybe in the menu.
Speaker B: Yeah, but then it's always more than one.
Speaker D: I think it will.
Speaker D: Maybe more.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Well, then that's all.
Speaker D: This will be the buttons.
Speaker D: I think it's enough for the next phase.
Speaker D: So you can go on to.
Speaker C: But now we have only the buttons.
Speaker C: We don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like.
Speaker D: No, that's for the next phase.
Speaker D: If we check.
Speaker D: Phase two is the conceptual design.
Speaker D: So then we will have the concepts.
Speaker D: So next point.
Speaker D: Now we have lunch break.
Speaker D: After that we have 30 minutes for work.
Speaker D: And you can find the minutes in the product document for the inclusive buttons.
Speaker D: In the video action you can find them in the email.
Speaker D: So now it's time for lunch.
Speaker C: Thanks for coming.
Speaker C: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
