None: That's a goal.
None: That's a room for the report.
Speaker B: Hello guys.
Speaker B: The pin of the board is calibrated again.
None: So it should work now.
None: That's it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Great.
None: I've started working on the end report.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Door is closed.
Speaker B: Well, let's begin.
Speaker B: We have as much time as the last meeting.
Speaker B: We'll have to hurry up.
Speaker B: We'll start with the presentation again.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker B: Show.
Speaker B: This one I think.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'll show you the notes.
Speaker B: We'll get your presentation again on the conceptual design.
Speaker B: Then we'll have to decide about the remote control concepts.
Speaker B: I've put a file in the project management folder which says exactly what kind of decisions we should take.
Speaker B: So this time we know what to decide about.
Speaker B: And then we'll close again.
Speaker B: Well, these are some examples but we'll talk about them later.
Speaker B: First look at your presentations.
Speaker B: Router will start again.
Speaker D: All right.
None: Trend watch.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So, we'll have to take a look at the training.
Speaker D: It's very important that the control is fancy looking and good feeling.
Speaker D: This because of our last model was very functional.
Speaker D: But people didn't like that.
Speaker D: So our new model must be very good looking.
Speaker D: That's something you have to take a look at.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: And also the menus and things like that.
Speaker D: They have to feel great.
Speaker D: There's minus two times here because this is the most important point.
Speaker D: This is two times less important.
Speaker D: Same for this one.
Speaker D: Technological innovations that's regarded very highly to such as an LCD screen and speech acknowledgement as we talked about earlier.
Speaker D: So we have to have something like that.
Speaker B: LCD and our front.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: The last point is easy to use.
Speaker D: Well, I think that speaks for itself.
Speaker D: I don't know who's going to look at that.
Speaker D: Easy to use?
Speaker B: Well, easy to use is a bit, I should...
Speaker B: Contradicting with the first functional is not an issue and easy to use.
Speaker B: Well, we have to choose one of them.
Speaker D: I think we have to go for the first one.
Speaker B: It's the most important one.
Speaker D: So we have to take that one.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So it isn't very important that it works easy.
Speaker C: It has to look great.
Speaker C: It can be easy to use.
Speaker B: Well, we'll look at...
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can make a very complicated remote anyway.
Speaker A: So easy to use.
Speaker D: But the most important thing is that it looks great and people say from, wow, that's a great concept.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: These are the new colors of this year.
Speaker D: So it must be very bright, very colorful.
Speaker D: People like this.
Speaker D: So we have to think in this direction.
Speaker D: So set your mind to it.
Speaker D: Well, findings, fashion update.
Speaker D: Fruit and vegetables are cool.
Speaker D: I'm told.
Speaker D: The group we are targeting is very pleased with fruit and vegetables.
Speaker D: So we might consider in front of...
Speaker D: In that sort of way.
Speaker D: Furthermore, material, that's your part, should be very strong.
Speaker D: I was thinking of something like, well, iron plate over it, maybe in a color or something that looks really flashy, but it is also strong.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: And that's also for the younger public.
Speaker B: The handy thing about our phones is that we can follow these trends every year.
Speaker B: This year it's fruit, but next year it's something totally different.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's great.
Speaker D: But I think we can all make the fronts of titanium or something really thin.
Speaker D: So it looks very heavy, but you can still use it very easily.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker D: Well, the don'ts.
Speaker D: All the people like dark colors and simple shapes.
Speaker D: Well, we don't want all the people.
Speaker D: We want young people.
Speaker D: So we're going to turn that around.
Speaker D: We're going to have real cool shapes and lots of colors.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker D: We don't want wood.
Speaker D: Yeah, among the old people.
Speaker D: So that's it for me.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker B: Well, Tyse, show us.
Speaker A: Right, I'm going to tell you something about components design.
Speaker A: Again, I've put up the specification properties.
Speaker A: So the different components of the device and the materials.
Speaker A: I've heard several things, so I'll have to change that on the way.
Speaker A: But the case, I suggested in a previous meeting, hard plastic.
Speaker A: But as you indicated, it should be strong.
Speaker A: It should feel strong.
Speaker A: So maybe plastic is not sufficient.
Speaker A: We should move through something.
Speaker B: Maybe it is, but it doesn't look strong.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, hard plastic is, of course, pretty tough, but it doesn't have a really, really tough look.
Speaker B: We still have to look at our price, of course.
Speaker B: Also, we want to announce the D, window, etc.
Speaker A: But we'll return to that.
Speaker A: The buttons, of course, rubber, I think, everyone agrees.
Speaker A: Electrical cables, copper is all pretty basic stuff.
Speaker A: The chip made of silicon, I guess.
Speaker A: I think that's the best way to do it.
Speaker A: Infrared lettuce, just a simple bulb.
Speaker A: Then I've had a few findings, made a few findings, a target audience product style.
Speaker A: It's generally the case that senior and wealthy people, above 45 years old, like, as you said, particularly the traditional materials, such as wood, and materials such as that.
Speaker A: They're also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style.
Speaker A: Of course, that's not our thing, so this is things we must not do.
Speaker A: And then we have young and dynamic people, which is, of course, our group, the people we aim at.
Speaker A: Under 45 years old, they like soft materials with primary color.
Speaker A: So, often, there is, of course, again, a bit of contradiction with our material choice of what you said, that should be hard and strong looking.
Speaker A: But they like soft materials, so we might have to consider that.
Speaker A: Also, they like curved round shapes, so not to do formal like the other people want.
Speaker A: And if also finding, but not very applicable here, that sports and gaming devices, such as disc men's for joining, those kinds of devices, game devices, should define the characteristics of the device.
Speaker A: But since we don't have really a sports or gaming device, we don't really have to consider that.
Speaker B: Sports, they're...
Speaker B: I actually won on your LCD window.
Speaker B: That's nice.
Speaker B: I also have results.
Speaker D: We keep coming back to the front.
Speaker A: Several examples of...
Speaker A: I'm sure you can get a clear picture of what I mean.
Speaker A: These are the basic older people's stuff.
Speaker A: It's not very interesting, very classical looking, but that's not what we want.
Speaker A: We have these kind of things.
Speaker A: I don't know what exactly they are.
Speaker A: You know you recognize shapes, it's very primary colors, bright colors, round shapes.
Speaker A: You also see this device, it's very round.
Speaker A: Fruity.
Speaker A: Fruity, of course.
Speaker A: It's terrible.
Speaker A: It's true.
Speaker A: And round shapes, brand new colors.
Speaker A: You can see it over here.
Speaker A: And of course, this famous device.
Speaker A: I guess you know something, some devices like this.
Speaker A: So to give you an idea of...
Speaker A: Strong look, this.
Speaker A: This has a strong look.
Speaker A: Although it's plastic, it's great to look to give the iron look.
Speaker D: And it's round.
Speaker D: But then you're losing your fruity colors.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: You can make that middle ring, you can make it on the color.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker A: We can really make a round remote control.
Speaker A: I don't think that's very practical.
Speaker A: But it's important to think about the color.
Speaker A: Because if you make it gray or silvery looking, it does make it a lot more...
Speaker A: It does make it looking a lot more strong.
Speaker A: Because if you look at this, it doesn't look very strong.
Speaker A: But this is plastic.
Speaker D: But it does look strong.
Speaker D: The results are the feel of the material is expected to be strong.
Speaker A: The feel.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker C: Well, if you...
Speaker C: It doesn't have to be strong.
Speaker C: Well, the feel.
Speaker B: You maybe you shoot some colored titanium or something.
Speaker B: So it looks fruity, but it feels strong.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I agree.
Speaker A: Then I have some more findings about the energy energy source of the device.
Speaker A: I suggest the basic battery.
Speaker A: I got some other energy sources, of course.
Speaker A: But solar energy is not very practical inside the house.
Speaker A: Because you don't have a lot of sun.
Speaker A: And kinetic and dynamos are not very practical, I think, for a simple remote.
Speaker A: It's a bit...
Speaker A: Oh, that's not...
Speaker A: No titanium.
Speaker A: That's a bit much.
Speaker A: And I also suggest as a shape, a double curved case, the disadvantages of that, that you can use no titanium.
Speaker A: That's the information I received.
Speaker A: If you use the curved case, a curved case, a double curved...
Speaker A: What do you mean double curved?
Speaker A: Now this, to give the more modern look.
Speaker A: Now the shape, yeah, a curved case.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think this is sort of a triangle shape, the bottom or something.
Speaker A: If more modern look, not plain, long box style, but...
Speaker A: Double curved.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: I'll draw it, but maybe later.
Speaker A: And it makes...
Speaker A: It gives it the more European-like shape.
Speaker A: Anyway, for the buttons, simple push buttons, no other eye, no difficult scroll things or things like that, because it makes more complex and expensive.
Speaker A: And as we agreed, we don't use a speaker or a sensor or a speech.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: And it controls the device, because it makes it also more complex and expensive.
Speaker A: But we do use an LCD screen, so we do have to consider, we have to use a more advanced chip, which is more complex and expensive, but it's worth the trouble, I think.
Speaker C: The box can be made of in a soft material, because people like that.
Speaker B: It's soft material.
Speaker B: And rubber is a soft material, I guess.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Soft enough.
Speaker A: So that's basically what I'm going to talk about.
Speaker B: Okay, we'll take that, and then Mike.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, now the method, we will include the buttons as we discussed earlier.
Speaker C: And in also days, the screen will be implemented.
Speaker C: We must decide where this meeting is.
Speaker C: There are new developments in speech recognition systems, and they are already being used on coffee machines.
Speaker C: And, well, they're cheap, so we could use them now.
Speaker C: That's interesting.
Speaker C: It's not really speech recognition.
Speaker C: It's more like you can talk to the chip, record a message, and record an answer.
Speaker C: And then once you talk to the remote then, he will answer with the pre-recorded message that you will have.
Speaker C: So, we can say, hi, Mike, and you have recorded hi, Mike, back, and you will get there.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But you can also say that when you say something, it does something.
Speaker B: It doesn't, though.
Speaker B: It does not do anything.
Speaker D: It makes it just an extra function.
Speaker B: Understand, but there's no functionality for remote.
Speaker C: No, but that's the gadget they were.
Speaker A: But it's young people.
Speaker A: It's nice for young people.
Speaker C: They like it.
Speaker C: You should really include that one.
Speaker C: If it's cheap, yeah.
Speaker C: Well, as I said earlier, I think the LCD screens will be positioned at the lower end of the remote.
Speaker C: The buttons for screen width and channel settings and that kind of stuff.
Speaker C: We can also do that kind of functions shown in the LCD screen.
Speaker C: Instead of extra buttons, I think young people and, yeah, well, every user would like that.
Speaker C: The buttons should be positioned the same way as they are on conventional remote, I think, for the learnability and, well, to keep it recognizable.
Speaker C: For its recognition, it can be implemented.
Speaker C: I do an example, but it did not work quite the way I...
Speaker A: Can you draw it now?
Speaker C: I can draw it again, and I know what I did wrong.
Speaker C: I didn't take the notebook box.
Speaker D: How do you give input to the menu on the LCD screen?
Speaker C: With the up and down and...
Speaker D: All right, so you have a menu button and then you can go.
Speaker B: I will draw what I have on the screen.
Speaker B: And OK button.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: I should make the button.
Speaker C: If it works.
Speaker B: Just...
Speaker B: There is already a blank, yes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, why?
None: You have to do it.
None: I don't know.
Speaker D: You have to push hard.
Speaker A: I suggest a banana shape because of the fruity fashion.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Yellow and...
Speaker A: That's out.
Speaker A: Yeah, all right.
Speaker A: Just a hunch.
Speaker C: Well, these little buttons are a bit difficult to draw.
Speaker C: Those are the channel buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, just the numbers.
Speaker A: And then below is the LCD screen.
Speaker C: These will be bigger in the real design.
None: All right.
Speaker C: This must be the OK button used to interact with the LCD screen.
Speaker C: And with this you can go through the menus.
Speaker C: Your video button should be a part button because you want to use it fast within one click.
Speaker C: And you want to use the speaker for the...
Speaker C: This button can also be the menu button.
Speaker C: How do you get out of the menu again?
Speaker B: Maybe I...
Speaker A: By pressing the menu button again.
Speaker A: By pressing the menu button again, you go out.
Speaker A: It's usually the kind of...
Speaker B: Yes, because when you push menu, you get in.
Speaker B: And then you have to push OK when you get to a choice.
Speaker A: But you can press menu again to get out.
Speaker B: Well, that's also the OK button.
Speaker C: No, you should have the extra menu button.
Speaker B: Or you can put in the LCD window and option, get out.
Speaker B: Exit.
Speaker C: Now, once you have an extra menu button, you don't need that extra option.
Speaker D: Well, we need a recording button for the speech part.
Speaker C: If we decide to implement it.
Speaker A: Why would you put it then?
Speaker A: Where is the recording, the microphone?
Speaker C: Well, that could be anywhere. That's very small. It could be down here.
Speaker C: Well, I'm not here. I suggest here.
Speaker C: But that's just a little speaker at the back.
Speaker C: Well, the speaker in the microphone, I think, are the same little whole thing.
Speaker E: I understand.
Speaker A: But we could do what is perhaps more expensive.
Speaker A: Well, speaker on the back or something.
Speaker C: There are already being implemented in coffee machines, so they won't be very expensive.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: This is my suggestion.
Speaker B: Well, OK.
Speaker B: Then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make.
Speaker C: I think, as you can see, the LCD screen does look better at the lower end.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker D: That's fine.
Speaker D: That's fine.
Speaker A: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, that's one of my examples.
Speaker C: I can live with it.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: But I did not like it very much.
Speaker C: Well, these are quite obvious, very ugly remotes.
Speaker A: They don't look fruity enough.
Speaker A: No, they're not really.
Speaker A: They're all black.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, not all.
Speaker B: Hey, that one that I like.
Speaker D: It's a special one, but it doesn't look strong.
Speaker A: But it doesn't...
Speaker A: With the colors, it's been the way we're going to.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: This is terrible.
Speaker E: It's too much.
Speaker A: It's not too childish, of course.
Speaker C: These are the LCD screens.
Speaker C: I think we should, if it's possible, one with colors.
Speaker C: But I don't know.
Speaker C: This is expensive.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker C: Even more.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker D: But they're going for a strange form.
Speaker D: No, it's not too strange.
Speaker A: Not too strange.
Speaker A: Not too strange.
Speaker A: It's still nice.
Speaker D: The underside, you can make it more round.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Where the LCD is.
Speaker B: A kind of bridge.
Speaker D: I don't know if you know the no-key at the telephone.
Speaker D: With the round thing at the bottom.
Speaker D: Something like that.
Speaker D: No?
Speaker B: Well, I have at home a remote.
Speaker B: If a bridge is just a half round, a half circle, and then it falls exactly over the hand.
Speaker B: And that's very nice.
Speaker B: That feels comfortable.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But people like something new.
Speaker D: Exotic.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We have friends.
Speaker A: I will design it.
Speaker A: We design it later.
Speaker A: So we'll get to that later.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Where did I put it?
Speaker B: There's a specific shape.
Speaker B: Conceptual face.
Speaker B: I think this is it.
Speaker B: I got this from our friends.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: Our sources.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Conceptual design.
Speaker B: These are a few examples which we have to decide about.
Speaker B: All the materials from the case.
Speaker B: The electric cable.
Speaker B: That's all your side of the story.
Speaker B: Your bag.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now, from the user interface, your package.
Speaker B: Where in the world it's more like the buttons where they have to come.
Speaker B: And a bit of.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, a bit of design.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: This is what we've just done.
Speaker C: But we should decide about these now.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Material.
Speaker B: So, most important.
Speaker B: So, as you said, Fruity is in netwell, polarity cells good.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker B: These facts.
Speaker A: So we have to put it in one document.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: So, if we go through.
Speaker A: Copy-based this story into a word documented and put the answers after the subjects.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not everything.
Speaker C: We have to decide what we think.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: But all these examples are of a coffee machine.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, why should I override them?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Well, in case that's me, I suggest, well, what do I suggest actually?
Speaker B: What kind of properties should it have?
Speaker B: Well, we just listened.
Speaker B: I think we did.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Why don't we use titanium or hard, yeah.
Speaker C: Some kind of metal for the.
Speaker C: Do you know the new remote?
Speaker C: Except the front.
Speaker C: Just like.
Speaker C: Yeah, I understand.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, we have tight the front.
Speaker A: Yeah, the front is the most important.
Speaker A: Yeah, but the non-removable elements of the remote, so not the front, could be titanium to get that strong look.
Speaker A: And then the front is made of plastic.
Speaker A: And you can put that on and off and switch it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But the feel of plastic isn't strong.
Speaker D: No, but you have titanium, of course.
Speaker A: So you have the best of both worlds.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So you have to do a remote in your hand like this, so you feel titanium.
Speaker A: And of course, yeah, you have the plastic front end, but you also have the titanium.
Speaker D: Fronts are cheaper than.
Speaker A: Yeah, of course, but yeah, you have to make.
Speaker C: And I don't know if you can make steel just any way you want it to.
Speaker D: Yeah, but it's expensive.
Speaker A: I guess so, titanium, I think.
Speaker A: Bendable.
Speaker A: Huh?
Speaker C: Bendable.
Speaker C: Well, any color.
Speaker A: I'm going to my source.
Speaker A: It's totally possible to make an entire, titanium is available and we can make an entire remote out of it.
Speaker C: Yeah, you paint it in the color you want.
Speaker C: Yeah, the plastic is the color you want.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: So we're going for titanium back and a.
Speaker A: I think that's a great front.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, I'm going to put it in here because so we can.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Solid fuel.
Speaker B: And trim the new cell material.
Speaker B: And hard plastic.
Speaker A: Yeah, for the front and titanium for the back.
Speaker A: For the non-removable part.
Speaker D: But then you have the problem.
Speaker D: When you have titanium back, you can switch it.
Speaker D: When you want to add a color on the front, it doesn't match.
Speaker C: Well, but.
Speaker C: Titanium is neutral.
Speaker A: Titanium isn't very, it doesn't, it's not a curse.
Speaker A: No, titanium is very, no, no, no, but titanium is a very basic color.
Speaker A: And it doesn't really matter if you have a purple front on it or in front.
Speaker A: I don't know if you disagree, but I think it doesn't matter.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Funky, too many colors.
Speaker A: And even if it doesn't match, people like the customers.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, the electric cable is just normal.
None: The beans come from the ones in the third thing.
Speaker B: Excuse me.
Speaker B: The electric cable is just a coffee.
Speaker C: We don't use them in electric cable.
Speaker C: Inside, but this is for a coffee machine.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, inside the remote control.
Speaker C: A couple of, it's not worth spending.
Speaker C: Oh, well.
Speaker D: So external.
Speaker A: Oh, external?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We do, we do.
Speaker A: Coffee grime doesn't it?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Never mind the coffee grime.
Speaker B: Well, all the inside work of our remote is standard work.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker B: The chip is normal in the silicon.
Speaker B: The buttons are normal.
Speaker B: That's all right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So that's just easy.
Speaker B: We decided about that.
Speaker B: Just by looking at our competitors and our earlier remote.
Speaker B: The conceptual specification of the user interface.
Speaker B: Well, we have our beautiful drawing.
Speaker C: I've got a better one here.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: Well, you can put that into the shared folder and then I'll put it in our end report.
Speaker C: I will work this out.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: You can.
Speaker B: You can put some which button is what?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: The trend watching.
Speaker B: Proteries shows.
Speaker B: Good.
Speaker B: These days.
Speaker B: And what do we think that fruit and bright colors are?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think we can launch a couple of packages.
Speaker D: You can buy a different kind of machine, but it's the same thing with another front.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: So it's an implement.
Speaker B: You can also implement the fronts from movies that are very hot.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: That's for later on.
Speaker C: The fronts you can do anything with.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But if you launch five different packages like I put mini.
Speaker C: For the initiative launch.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: For the launch.
Speaker A: It's good marketing.
Speaker A: And then a couple of basic colors.
Speaker A: Not very.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not too.
Speaker D: You can always take another pick.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We should not give them the most lovely fronts.
Speaker B: When they were later on.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker B: We're basic.
Speaker B: We still have to make those 50 million.
Speaker B: Very boring.
Speaker A: The most boring.
Speaker B: You can give them a.
Speaker C: It's possible.
Speaker C: We can experiment with it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: They want more.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: You can have some basic colors.
Speaker A: And then we come with special patterns on them.
Speaker A: Red and green.
Speaker C: You can give them.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Well, the buttons, et cetera, we get from Mike.
Speaker B: This fruit and bright colors.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, I think we'll have to in the next half an hour.
Speaker B: We'll have to specify the different types we want to launch when we.
Speaker B: Well, introduce our remote.
Speaker A: We still have to make the real basic design.
Speaker D: Because we have the sketchbook.
Speaker D: We must remember that fancy look and feel is the most important thing.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Also, it won't sell.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker B: Well, I'll have to pick four.
Speaker B: I get another warning from five minutes.
Speaker B: I'm going to get.
Speaker B: Where is my mouse?
Speaker B: Where is my mouse?
Speaker B: I lost my mouse.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: This is it.
Speaker D: I'm really cool.
Speaker B: Well, this we have.
Speaker B: Basic stuff.
Speaker B: Interface we have.
Speaker B: Supplements LCD.
Speaker B: Maybe a cheap voice recording.
Speaker B: Well, you should be good.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Individual actions.
Speaker B: We have the industry designer.
Speaker B: Use your interface, Mike.
Speaker B: You're going to work together on a prototype drawing on the smartboard.
Speaker C: We can do that.
Speaker A: Together?
Speaker A: Not together.
Speaker C: That's what I got to hear.
Speaker B: We'll get it to hear the thing.
Speaker B: I think there's a smartboard.
Speaker B: You can take the smartboard.
Speaker B: This is the smartboard.
Speaker B: So, take it to our rooms.
Speaker B: You're going to make a prototype.
Speaker B: That includes specifying the buttons.
Speaker B: It's a search engine.
Speaker B: You'll get it on your laptop.
Speaker B: You will go and do something else.
Speaker B: That's fun.
Speaker B: Project information.
Speaker B: Are you going to do?
Speaker B: I don't know what product evaluation exactly means, but you'll get the specifications.
Speaker D: We don't have product yet.
Speaker B: That's why I got it.
Speaker B: You're fired.
Speaker B: How long do we still have?
Speaker A: Well, can we talk about something else?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: No, I don't know anything.
Speaker C: We'll use round balance or square ones.
Speaker C: Round, I think.
Speaker C: To make it as round as possible.
Speaker C: These buttons are more...
Speaker D: So, you can see you up and down.
Speaker D: But now I see the...
Speaker C: This program.
Speaker C: We can't, up and down this program and left and right.
Speaker C: Well, that depends.
Speaker C: Well, we...
Speaker A: We'll just give them and we'll design it and let it give comments on it.
Speaker B: It doesn't work anymore.
Speaker B: We can save them.
Speaker D: You can click the corner.
Speaker B: It's a bit...
Speaker B: It's really pretty.
Speaker B: Well, we still have more than five minutes.
Speaker B: So, what are we going to do?
Speaker B: I ask for a minute.
Speaker B: Don't have a clue.
Speaker B: Let's start the design.
Speaker B: Oh, we can decide how we implement the feeling from our company into the remote.
Speaker A: Well, yeah, I think a logo, our company logo and the slogan should be...
Speaker A: Also, just start with...
Speaker A: Why not?
Speaker A: If there's enough space, then you can put the wheel.
Speaker C: I would say only the logo.
Speaker C: Yeah, me too.
Speaker C: Too much text and...
Speaker A: Well, our slogan is not very long.
Speaker A: It's just as simple.
Speaker C: What is the fashion in electronics?
Speaker B: We put the fashion in electronics.
Speaker D: We keep adjusting to the fashion with our fronts.
Speaker A: But you can put it on the back of the titanium part.
Speaker A: The logo and the...
Speaker C: Yeah, the logo should be on the top, I think.
Speaker B: On the top.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: In the right top corner.
Speaker B: Right corner, yes.
Speaker B: Right corner.
Speaker A: In the back, you can put...
Speaker B: Maybe here in the middle.
Speaker B: At the bottom, you can put the logo with the text.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: The logo shouldn't be exchangeable when you...
Speaker D: Yeah, it should be hard on the board.
Speaker C: You can...
Speaker C: The logo can be on every front.
Speaker D: Yeah, but you can scratch it off or something.
Speaker D: It's better if you have...
Speaker C: Yeah, but then you must...
Speaker C: Carved into the material.
Speaker C: Push it in or something.
Speaker B: Now, you can carve it into the titanium at the back.
Speaker A: I like the idea of the slogan on the...
Speaker A: On the thing, but...
Speaker A: Am I the only one?
Speaker C: Well, management.
Speaker C: I like it.
Speaker C: Not on the front side, I think.
Speaker B: The front side?
Speaker C: No, no, no, no.
Speaker C: No, no, no.
Speaker C: Push it in.
Speaker A: I think it's a nice idea to make it more recognizable.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Next to the logo, you have to slogan.
Speaker A: I agree.
Speaker A: To make more of the...
Speaker A: But not too big.
Speaker A: Not too big.
Speaker A: No, very small.
Speaker A: Not here.
Speaker A: On the entire back, but just very small.
Speaker A: But readable and out, of course.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Yes, slogan.
Speaker A: But we'll take that...
Speaker C: With us and take the design.
Speaker C: Over here.
Speaker C: The logo.
Speaker A: Or maybe here in the middle.
Speaker A: What we'll decide like.
Speaker B: With logo and logo.
Speaker B: Also on the front, but not X change.
Speaker B: So, oh my God.
Speaker B: When changing fronts.
None: All right.
Speaker B: Do you see a bit of the...
Speaker A: Five minutes left.
Speaker A: Of the titanium on the front.
Speaker A: Maybe if we make this lower part, titanium, the front is the upper part.
Speaker A: And the bit with LCD screen.
Speaker A: So, a bit of titanium between?
Speaker B: No, no, between.
Speaker A: That's pretty cool.
Speaker A: But then you have two parts of four.
Speaker A: Two parts.
Speaker A: Two parts to make this titanium too.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: The entire...
Speaker D: You got problems with LCD.
Speaker D: Like dust in it.
Speaker D: Things like that.
Speaker D: When you exchange all the fronts.
Speaker B: I already have all kinds of...
Speaker B: And then not filled between the...
Speaker B: Mobile.
Speaker C: And then the lower part is titanium.
Speaker C: This is titanium.
Speaker C: I think that's nice.
Speaker D: Some kind of way.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Round forms.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I like that a bit of a titanium also.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: A bit like your mobile phone.
Speaker A: Maybe you can show it as the...
Speaker A:... those things.
Speaker A: A bit like this.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: You can make it go...
Speaker D:...run this corner too, where the logo is.
Speaker D: Because there's a lot of time.
Speaker A: I...
Speaker A: That's a nice touch here.
Speaker A: A little corner of titanium.
Speaker C: Oh yeah.
Speaker B: That's all the sounds pretty.
Speaker B: So this...
Speaker A: I think I'm going to buy it.
Speaker A: This is the...
Speaker A: We want it.
Speaker B: And it's only 25 euros.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker A: That's a bit too much.
Speaker A: No, it's nothing.
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker A: I think it looks pretty nice.
Speaker A: Of course.
Speaker A: Because it's my design.
Speaker A: Our design.
Speaker A: Take all the credit.
Speaker B: Well, if you are going through it together, you'll get your specifications on your laptop and then...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We'll stay here, I guess.
Speaker D: But there's a problem.
Speaker D: We can take a blank one.
Speaker D: What can we?
Speaker B: Well, I think we can...
Speaker B:... I just proved it.
Speaker C: Well, we can erase an animal, I guess.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker A: But don't erase my cat.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: All fourth one is empty.
Speaker C: Oh!
Speaker A: I want to preserve it.
None: Thank you.
Speaker D: Yeah, this one is empty.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's empty one.
Speaker B: Oh, we have a pre-empty one.
Speaker B: What are you doing, Chief?
Speaker B: So, you can draw.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we have to wait.
Speaker E: No, I'll get the message.
Speaker A: I'll get the message.
Speaker A: But I don't...
Speaker A: Do we have to stay here?
Speaker A: I think now.
Speaker A: I think you can...
Speaker B: Well, maybe you can keep your laptop here.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker B: Or get your mouse.
Speaker B: Because it's...
Speaker B: The hard power from a bone.
Speaker B: Hard to work with these plates.
Speaker D: We'll have to talk here.
Speaker D: It's not relaxing.
Speaker B: I always have a mouse next to my laptop.
Speaker B: I hate these.
Speaker B: Yeah, touchpad.
Speaker A: Yeah, touchpad.
Speaker A: We can do a touchpad on our remote.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: Just kidding.
Speaker A: Oh, you have to have a bit of humor in the...
Speaker A:... in the discussions too.
Speaker A: Look, I see it becomes too...
Speaker A: And in your remote control.
Speaker B: So we put a touchpad on it and say, Ha ha!
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: This is no friction.
Speaker B: We know you hate this, but...
Speaker A: But the youth doesn't care about functionalities.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: But they do want some gadgets.
Speaker B: It's all about cool things.
Speaker B: What are we doing?
Speaker B: And it will sell.
Speaker D: We will be rich.
Speaker D: Bless you.
Speaker B: Well, we will...
Speaker B: Our bosses will be rich.
Speaker C: We've done too much in the previous meetings.
Speaker C: Too much?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: We've got nothing to do now.
Speaker A: Well, that's not bad, isn't it?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: I think that's good.
Speaker A: We all had our talk and...
Speaker A: We agree, I guess, on several things.
Speaker A: Most things.
Speaker C: It's the best remote in...
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Oh, Heiswier...
Speaker B: Oh, Heiswier, he is totally over again.
Speaker E: Well...
Speaker D: No, man.
Speaker D: You just have to push harder.
Speaker A: Yeah, you have to push harder.
Speaker B: But when I start here...
Speaker B: It's here.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: You get really close to the screen with your hand.
Speaker C: And I don't think it's...
Speaker D: Recalibrated.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker A: Where's the good old chalkboard with...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Greenboard with...
Speaker A: How do you call it chalk?
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: You can better draw a design on this.
Speaker A: Yeah, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah, but we can't.
Speaker A: Maybe if that thing is recalibrated, we can draw a thing quick.
Speaker A: Before it...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: He goes kill again.
Speaker B: Well, finished meeting now.
Speaker B: Finished meeting now.
Speaker B: Alright, now we know what to do, shall we?
Speaker B: We'll stay here.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, we'll get here.
Speaker C: Maybe you know.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Get away.
Speaker A: Can we get a meal here?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Um...
Speaker B: I'm not sure.
Speaker B: Maybe, yeah.
Speaker B: Well, you'll have to go ahead.
Speaker B: Oh, I'll just have a few seconds.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's a good idea.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker D: Have fun, lads.
Speaker D: Well, happy holiday.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Don't do too little.
None: Oh, man.
None: Make us a nice design.
None: Going to relax.
None: I think we have to design here.
None: Or maybe this room is only for discussion.
None: But how can we cooperate every...
None: Well, it's a little off again.
None: And also, do we have to...
None: Either industry designer and...
None: We have to design now together the...
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: And you would leave later?
None: Yeah.
None: Shh.
None: Talking me.
None: Yeah.
None: They stay here and work here.
None: You're just staying here.
None: Alright.
None: Exactly.
None: Okay.
None: Get out of here.
None: Good luck.
None: Alright.
None: You, uh...
None: We'll draw.
None: I think.
None: You draw the main design.
None: I'm the better artist, I guess.
None: That's true.
None: Oh.
None: Oh.
None: Give me one more piece.
None: Yeah.
None: Of course.
None: I really like this.
None: Yeah.
None: So, these green are at the bottom.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: I think we have to put somewhere also, uh...
None: There, there, away so we can decide things for ourselves.
None: Uh, Mike and...
None: Tays and coaches.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: I think we have to put somewhere also, uh...
None: There, there, away so we can decide things for ourselves.
None: Uh, Mike and...
None: Tays and coaches.
None: And company.
None: Get into your room.
None: Maybe that's not fair fair fair fair fair.
None: Give me one more piece.
None: Come on.
None: Come on.
None: Come on.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Should work now.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Alright.
None: Alright.
None: Thank you.
None: Thanks.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
