None: You got a tan from all of them.
None: They put some...
None: You got a tan. You became brown on your own.
None: You don't say you became brown.
None: That's not the matter. Speak.
Speaker C: They put some stress.
Speaker C: I'm just relaxing.
Speaker B: You're going to stress out now, so I'm going to...
None: Because?
None: I'm going to do a...
None: We have to do some extra design.
Speaker C: You'll see. You'll see.
Speaker C: Fourth meeting.
Speaker D: We have to do what?
Speaker B: Extra deciding.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker C: Well, we'll see.
Speaker C: I'll show you the notes again.
Speaker C: Very interesting.
Speaker C: Well, you two will present your prototype.
Speaker C: Then, I guess that's your bit?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I didn't see anything about it, so I already thought you were dead to do that.
Speaker C: Then you were a telescope.
Speaker C: I'll show you how we're going to do with financing this design.
Speaker C: That's important to evaluate after we have redesigned it.
Speaker C: We'll see about the costs.
Speaker C: We'll evaluate our production.
Speaker C: Then, we can close.
Speaker C: The finance world will later.
Speaker C: Firstly, I'll show you the notes.
Speaker C: I don't think it's very interesting.
Speaker E: I think it is.
Speaker C: Oh, nay.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: This is copy-based.
Speaker C: For me, of course.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker B: It's a very strange layout.
Speaker B: It's a nice course.
Speaker C: Well, we went to the antenna.
Speaker C: We had some presentations from you three.
Speaker C: I summarized what you said to us.
Speaker C: I don't think it's very interesting to go to it.
Speaker C: This is what we decided.
Speaker C: It's also copy-based from what we made together.
Speaker C: We still know that.
Speaker C: We can use the time better.
Speaker C: Next, you two will present the prototype for us.
Speaker B: We both will.
Speaker B: You're going.
Speaker B: If I make mistakes, you'll...
None: Right.
Speaker B: Well, this is how we're at the time.
Speaker B: It's pretty much like my draw drew in the during the last meeting.
Speaker B: With the different perspectives of it, we'll begin with the front.
Speaker B: We have, of course, the round shape, the round basic shape, with the upper part being the front.
Speaker B: So, this part, which is made of heartless.
Speaker B: We're using different colors.
Speaker B: Of course, for the launch, we use the basic upper colors.
Speaker B: Later, we'll put out more interesting colors with different patterns and pictures and everything.
Speaker B: But basically, different colors.
Speaker B: Bright colors, not black, too dark.
Speaker B: Fancy colors.
Speaker B: Then we have the lower part of the device, which is, of course, part of the back, actually, because it's also titanium.
Speaker B: You can see it also on the side view.
Speaker B: This part is the front.
Speaker B: The rest of it, the underside of it, the back side and the lower part of the front is, of course, titanium, made of titanium, and has the titanium core, of course, the look.
Speaker B: Then we have, on the back of the front, the logo in the upper corner, which is made, which is also part of the back, part of the titanium part.
Speaker E: It's a double R.
Speaker B: It's a double R, yeah, the logo.
Speaker B: It's very different.
Speaker B: It's a difficult to draw, it's too small, but it's our double R.
Speaker B: The logo is in there.
Speaker B: So, that's the logo in the upper right corner.
Speaker B: Then we have the buttons. It's difficult to draw again.
Speaker B: The little oval or round, I think oval will be better for the different channel buttons.
Speaker B: So, they're all oval. Those are here.
Speaker B: Then we have the...
Speaker E: The channel open volume.
Speaker B: Yeah, the volume and the channel controls in the middle here.
Speaker B: With kind of arrow shapes, which makes it also a bit more exciting and basic.
Speaker B: Round or square buttons.
Speaker B: And then also here are the two buttons we agreed on.
Speaker B: We have the OK button.
Speaker B: The OK button is here in the middle of the... of the operator, of the channel and the volume changers.
Speaker B: And then we have here the menu button and the...
Speaker E: Alright, menu for...
Speaker E: And the video button.
Speaker B: The button screen.
Speaker B: And of course, this is the low part. This is the LCD screen.
Speaker B: This is what we made of it. You can make suggestions if you want.
Speaker C: If I look at it, the side view...
Speaker B: Maybe we should finish first our talk and then you can...
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: Maybe I don't want to...
Speaker B: I don't want to express you, but I'll finish this quick.
Speaker B: Go now.
Speaker B: OK, I've had everything, I guess, on the back.
Speaker E: On the back, yeah.
Speaker B: We thought about, yeah, the back is of course totally titanium.
Speaker B: And we thought about the logo back in the middle.
Speaker B: So again, the double R. We had the logo on front and on the back.
Speaker B: Maybe that's too much, but you have to say it if you think that way.
Speaker B: And the company slogan, we thought in a kind of arc shape...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Above the logo.
Speaker B: That's basically what we were thinking about.
Speaker E: And about the side view.
Speaker E: This, the front won't be as thick, but...
Speaker E: Well, I see that the drawing technique makes it very difficult to...
Speaker B: Oh, and before I get the voice recorder, it's at the bottom.
Speaker B: You can record it using a back-apart.
Speaker C: When I look at this side view, I think when I have that in my hand, it's terrible.
Speaker C: If you look, if this is thick, and this is...
Speaker C: Well, it fits...
Speaker B:...that it lies over your hand.
Speaker C: It fits the hand.
Speaker C: You mean...
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker C: What I agree is that when you have a search of an arc in the middle, so that the end and the front is a bit thicker, so then it falls over your hand.
Speaker E: If you handle or remote, you usually don't have your hand straight in the middle.
Speaker D: It depends on the size.
Speaker D: If it's kind of small, this is great, but if it's larger, then you want to grab it.
Speaker D: And how large is it?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's the question.
Speaker D: That's the question.
Speaker B: Well, yeah.
Speaker B: What do you suggest?
Speaker B: It's what Mike's prototype, and you seem to agree on it.
Speaker C: Well, the sides I haven't seen yet.
Speaker C: The sides, well, the sides doesn't really matter.
Speaker B: The sides, the sides, the sides.
Speaker B: He drew the sides, but you weren't paying attention, as you were going.
Speaker B: Well, in any case, we'll discuss it now.
Speaker B: I think this is a pretty good idea.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree with the LCD screen.
Speaker D: You have it in your palm like this, and you can watch the screen.
Speaker D: And if you have it in the middle, your hand might be over it.
Speaker B: But you hold it like this.
Speaker B: You're not holding it like this or something.
Speaker E: You don't grab it.
Speaker B: Yeah, how do you hold it?
Speaker B: Well, you don't have it like this, more like this.
Speaker B: You're using buttons this way, or if you're writing it.
Speaker D: So if you have a screen on it, you want to look at your screen.
Speaker E: Yeah, well, it falls into your hand, I think.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree with that.
Speaker B: And maybe you can grab it a bit higher.
Speaker D: No, I don't think so.
Speaker B: That's the reason to put the LCD screen, of course, on the upper side.
Speaker E: Well, as far as I can see, three of us agree.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, I think if you three agreed, and then that's it.
Speaker E: You're the project manager.
Speaker E: You can make the hard decision.
Speaker C: Yes, but can you leave it like this?
Speaker C: All right, if you think that that's the way you should tell it.
Speaker B: You said it was totally unusable.
Speaker C: But do you know, when I, my personal taste is that I wanted to fall over my hand with a thick,
Speaker B: but you don't think this is completely unusable, I guess? No, not totally.
Speaker C: Not totally.
Speaker C: For me, I would buy it.
Speaker B: Of course, you are also human.
Speaker B: We have to take every everyone into account.
Speaker D: You might be talking with customers.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Who else thinks like you?
Speaker B: We don't know.
Speaker B: Maybe you're a thousand people.
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker C: That's more market research.
Speaker C: Let it be like this at a space.
Speaker B: Let it be.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That's that.
Speaker C: Any other suggestions?
Speaker C: No, I think it's great.
Speaker E: But what about the redesigning?
Speaker C: It comes to that later.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: You can do it.
Speaker C: You're very, very, very powerful.
Speaker C: You can do the evaluation criteria on this.
Speaker C: All right, great.
Speaker C: That's more useful.
Speaker C: Then just speaking.
Speaker D: Well, this is just a short intro.
Speaker D: I'm going to do the evaluation.
Speaker D: This is going to be done at the end of seven point skill criteria.
Speaker D: So I made a few questions on the hand of the most important requirements and trends.
Speaker D: And we have to look if our device is working correctly.
Speaker D: Well, I put some questions in a word file.
Speaker D: See if I can find them.
Speaker A: Wow.
Speaker D: I think you have all seen this kind of evaluation.
Speaker D: So I don't have to explain it.
Speaker D: The first question is, is the device good looking?
Speaker D: Because most people thought that earlier the devices were ugly.
Speaker D: Ugly.
Speaker D: 75% of them.
Speaker D: So what do we think?
Speaker B: Well, we designed it.
Speaker B: So of course we are very...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We're not quite objective about that.
Speaker C: No, we designed it.
Speaker D: We have to evaluate it.
Speaker D: So I have to take this questionnaire.
Speaker D: So we have to answer now.
Speaker C: Change your question.
Speaker C: I have to take this questionnaire.
Speaker C: No, no, no, no, no.
Speaker C: But we can go because of the time.
Speaker C: Pretty quick through this.
Speaker C: Do we find that you're looking?
Speaker C: Well, we think so.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we designed it.
Speaker D: You know, we designed it to be perfect.
Speaker D: But we have to be critical about it.
Speaker D: And I have to take all these points and get an effort at the end.
Speaker D: So we know where we stand.
Speaker D: One.
Speaker D: But there are some things we might have forgotten.
Speaker C: So it's 0.4.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So let's start with the beginning.
Speaker B: Just one-on-one.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Is it good looking?
Speaker B: Well, I guess I think it's pointed towards the youth, of course.
Speaker B: If you look at the design and the colors and everything, although that was our target audience, of course.
Speaker B: But it's also not completely unacceptable for all the people, I guess.
Speaker B: It's not the type that you might be.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's for all the people.
Speaker B: It's more that classical look.
Speaker D: You put a black front on it or something?
Speaker B: No, they like black, of course.
Speaker B: But I think they think the titanium look of it is also...
Speaker B: I think it's also good for them.
Speaker B: So I think we both have considered youth and also a bit all the people.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: It's very good looking and not only for youth, young people.
Speaker E: I think we shouldn't discuss any points that long.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker C: How many points there are?
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: We have to get on.
Speaker B: Is it easy to change channels?
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I think so.
Speaker D: So, last one is 7.
Speaker C: Easy to change channels?
Speaker C: No, it's false.
Speaker C: It's 1.
Speaker D: Oh, sorry.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: Well, 2.
Speaker C: 10 channels?
Speaker C: Well, we have to go to it as well.
Speaker B: I think it's as easy as GEMI made.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So, how can you make it any easier?
Speaker D: The power channel and volume buttons are easy accessible.
Speaker D: Yeah, you would use it.
Speaker D: 2.
Speaker D: 2?
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: The device is easy to find if you lose it.
Speaker C: Well, no.
Speaker C: We don't have anything about that.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's easier to find than a normal black one or something.
Speaker E: Of course, you call it.
Speaker E: Well, 6.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: 6.
Speaker B: But we don't have to defies that beeps when you lost it at all.
Speaker C: Functions easy to learn.
Speaker C: Well, we do.
Speaker C: But we have a...
Speaker C: We have so few films.
Speaker D: Less one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker C: The device are as sensitive.
Speaker E: Well, I think 2 because the voice recorded isn't...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Self-learning.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker C: 2.
Speaker C: Yeah, but just do something.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Are we taking too much time?
Speaker C: I think this is two time consuming.
Speaker C: Not too much.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker C: Not too much this all.
Speaker C: This is how you have to put this to the customers.
Speaker D: Are you sensitive?
Speaker C: Well, a bit.
Speaker C: So, 4.
Speaker C: 4.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah, very much.
Speaker C: 1.
Speaker C: And features included also.
Speaker C: And...
Speaker C: Those 9 is defenci-looking.
Speaker C: We still think so.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Device-fencing.
Speaker B: And I think...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because of the titanium back.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Are there enough technology?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, also we have 2.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's great.
Speaker C: Is it device easy to use?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: We have not many buttons.
Speaker B: So, yeah, maybe 2.
Speaker C: The voice recorded.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: 3.
Speaker C: The difference about fruit and vegetables implemented well in our covers in our fronts.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: So, yes, 1.
Speaker C: 1 or 2.
Speaker D: 1 or 2.
Speaker D: 1 or 2.
Speaker D: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 1 or 2.
Speaker B: 4, I think.
Speaker B: 4.
Speaker B: If you look at this.
Speaker B: Well, it doesn't really resemble any fruit, that's true.
Speaker D: But we have the distracting fruit colors of course.
Speaker C: Ok.
Speaker C: And you can also have a front with...
Speaker C: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker C: With fruit lines.
Speaker C: With the attractive.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Ok.
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: This is the last meeting.
Speaker E: Yes, but we have to decide much more.
Speaker C: Because there was some irritating account manager coming to me.
Speaker B: I know things were going smoothly.
Speaker B: There had to be some kind of trouble along the way.
Speaker C: Yes, well, look at the costs at this point.
Speaker B: My God.
Speaker C: I had to fill it in.
Speaker C: It has to go through 12, right?
Speaker C: 12 and a half.
Speaker C: 12 and a half.
Speaker C: So, well, what costs a lot?
Speaker C: The sample speed cost 4.
Speaker C: The what?
Speaker C: The sample speaker.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: The sensor.
Speaker D: That's easy.
Speaker C: Kick it out.
Speaker C: Kick it out.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We have to go to 12 and a half.
Speaker C: The speaker costs fair by far the most.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a bit of an optional option.
Speaker C: It isn't worth it.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: We could make two different versions, one with and one without.
Speaker C: But for this, kick it out.
Speaker C: So, zero.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Let me go to 14.6.
Speaker C: But more.
Speaker C: Well, the titanium I don't want to lose, actually.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: LC3.
Speaker C: Yeah, hand dynamo.
Speaker C: Come on.
Speaker B: Remote control has a battery.
Speaker B: Well, we have a bit of a problem, I think.
Speaker E: Why should we use a defense chip?
Speaker E: Well, with 14 LC3, you had said.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Come with a regular chip?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Why not?
Speaker B: Because that, you know, what's the difference?
Speaker B: My information is regular.
Speaker C: Huh?
Speaker C: What's the difference between a simple and a regular chip?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And simple?
Speaker C: Simple.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, I read something about it, but.
Speaker B: Elementary.
Speaker C: Well, guys.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I read something about it, but it wasn't very clear.
Speaker B: I didn't include it in my report.
Speaker C: What happens if we do single?
Speaker B: Well, you have to use a chip, so.
Speaker B: Well, you have to use a defense chip.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker B: If you have the LCD screen.
Speaker E: We have very little options for the more.
Speaker B: But if you have a regular chip, you can't have the LCD screen.
Speaker D: Oh, well, we have to put that.
Speaker D: No, we need to have to do that.
Speaker C: That's a factor.
Speaker C: Well, we could say, well, this special color.
Speaker C: That isn't there because the fronts, they will buy it.
Speaker C: The special color.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But it's only one half.
Speaker D: Yeah, it doesn't.
Speaker D: Not relevant.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Then you only have one half left.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: You must change the chip back in this.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But we don't have to lose the LCD screen.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Then the whole concept is.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know.
Speaker B: That's what my information is.
Speaker B: I didn't put the advanced chip in there for five years.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: You have to make a chip.
Speaker D: But if you don't sell.
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: We have an advanced chip on print and we have an LCD display.
Speaker E: I think that's a bit double.
Speaker C: We don't need both.
Speaker C: The advanced chip is needed to have an LCD display.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Says his.
Speaker C: There was in the second meeting.
Speaker B: Well, what do they mean with curves again?
Speaker C: Because I have a single curve to, well, you said double curved.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because I thought it's a bit cheaper already.
Speaker B: We can also make it flat.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker B: What do they mean with curves?
Speaker B: Is this curved?
Speaker B: Yes, that's curved.
Speaker B: One curve.
Speaker B: Yeah, there's actually two curves.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, it's one curve.
Speaker B: One curve.
Speaker B: One curve.
Speaker B: Simple.
Speaker B: But then we have a huge problem, I think.
Speaker B: We can never get below the.
Speaker C: We have a big financial problem.
Speaker E: We make it more expensive to buy.
Speaker C: Well, then we have two dollars less profit.
Speaker C: Come on, if we make this 50 million, they won't test it to congratulate us.
Speaker D: If I make people brand aware, they are willing to pay more.
Speaker D: But because we use a brand at the front and at the back, if you have lots of marketing, people might buy.
Speaker C: Yeah, or if you make it cool to have.
Speaker C: By the way, we also have this one.
Speaker D: Oh, that's just great.
Speaker C: Oh, cost nothing.
Speaker C: Oh, that's nice.
Speaker C: Oh, right.
Speaker B: I think you'll agree that now we have this screen.
Speaker B: It's very not practical to consider this after we have designed the entire thing.
Speaker C: Yes, but I just got it.
Speaker C: Well, that's pretty.
Speaker A: That is pretty stupid.
Speaker E: It's a practical, plastic, like titanium.
Speaker E: Who?
Speaker E: Titanium, color, plastic.
Speaker C: You want to jump to titanium?
Speaker E: Yeah, well, we have to get cheaper.
Speaker C: And make all plastic.
Speaker C: Then we're there.
Speaker B: But I don't agree, I think.
Speaker E: But then we've got to read through the evaluation process again.
Speaker C: It's not going to be looking dumb.
Speaker C: No, no, no.
Speaker E: That no one will buy.
Speaker E: It's not ugly looking.
Speaker E: The looks remain the same.
Speaker E: No, I don't think so.
Speaker B: I think the titanium just provided the tough look.
Speaker C: And the feel that it is strong.
Speaker B: And also, the older people will like it because of that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because, all right, it's not our target audience, but it's useful.
Speaker B: We still, we had to put it for all people.
Speaker C: To get more people from the younger group, but not lose the one.
Speaker B: I think that titanium is very important.
Speaker E: All right, but then we get there.
Speaker B: Yeah, we have a problem.
Speaker B: But you can better dump the LCD screen.
Speaker E: You can dump the special color.
Speaker E: We use plastic.
Speaker E: In plastic case, or any color.
Speaker D: I don't think you should dump the LCD screen.
Speaker B: Well, what else?
Speaker B: I mean, yeah.
Speaker D: Nothing.
Speaker D: Or change the titanium or dump the LCD screen.
Speaker D: But I think you could better change titanium to a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium.
Speaker D: Yeah, then lose the LCD screen.
Speaker D: Because you have lots of functions in it too.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: I agree with that.
Speaker B: So we use, unfortunately, I put in the report, titanium-colored plastic.
Speaker C: One is the lowest price you can make and remote for.
Speaker C: That's trendy.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker B: So titanium-colored plastic for the back.
Speaker C: I'll talk to the managers.
Speaker E: No, no, no.
Speaker E: Titanium stays there.
Speaker C: Titanium, I think this is really good.
Speaker C: Yeah, this is good.
Speaker B: But it is not good enough.
Speaker B: So we have to use the ditch the titanium, I'm afraid.
Speaker C: Ah, those account managers.
Speaker C: What do they know?
Speaker C: Come on.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker B: What do we know?
Speaker B: All we want is a fancy design, but we don't really have a set of costs.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: No, because we didn't know anything about it.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: You can make it.
Speaker D: You can do it with it now.
Speaker D: If you don't have the money, you can make it.
Speaker D: So this is too expensive.
Speaker B: So we have to make it cheaper.
Speaker B: Titanium, gone and add plastic.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: Yeah, but then we've got money.
Speaker B: And on plastic times, too.
Speaker B: And then we are there.
Speaker C: Well, no, it's just on all plastic.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I'll stick.
Speaker B: I'll stick.
Speaker B: A lot of plastic.
Speaker B: It's just free money.
Speaker B: So now, too, for the to make it clear.
Speaker C: But then we can add a special color.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because we have money over left.
Speaker C: And we still have money left.
Speaker C: What do we want, guys?
Speaker C: I want gold plating.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker B: Yeah, right.
Speaker B: I want chrome.
Speaker E: Well, I think the case is double curved.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: We have to.
Speaker A: Oh, no!
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: No, no, no, but that's safe.
Speaker B: Well, you can.
Speaker B: You can double curve if you don't have titanium.
Speaker B: And that we dropped.
Speaker B: So it's going to be done.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Well, that's pretty funny.
Speaker B: We do want to reach 12.5.
Speaker B: It is in bed to stay at 11.
Speaker E: It's entertaining, but it looks like it.
Speaker E: We get more salary if we make it to you.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker C: We have to jump out of titanium.
Speaker C: And we'll hate the managers for that.
Speaker C: But now we're going to object.
Speaker C: We evaluate our project.
Speaker C: Project.
Speaker C: Project.
Speaker C: Well, satisfaction.
Speaker C: Satisfaction.
Speaker C: For example, are we satisfactory about our creativity?
Speaker B: Well, I can get no satisfaction, but I think it's a, well, if we consider the cost, then this is the best.
Speaker C: I think it's terrible that we got those costs at the last moment.
Speaker C: Yeah, me too.
Speaker C: That's really bad.
Speaker C: That's a ridiculous.
Speaker B: That's a realistic.
Speaker C: That's a really, but also for creativity.
Speaker C: We have a nice design.
Speaker C: And then you get the cost and you have to jump all your creativity.
Speaker E: We use our creativity, but we just have to adapt it to the cost.
Speaker B: Which is very practical, but that's the way.
Speaker C: Well, all right.
Speaker C: Leadership.
Speaker C: Next.
Speaker C: Terrible.
Speaker C: Teamwork.
Speaker C: Leadership.
Speaker D: Well, it was very democratic.
Speaker C: Well, I feel that in the questionnaires each time.
Speaker C: So, well, the managers were terrible.
Speaker C: So, with their all the useless requirements.
Speaker C: But, all right.
Speaker B: Teamwork.
Speaker B: They didn't think of the requirements.
Speaker B: It's the requirements of the user, I guess.
Speaker C: Now they said, oh, we won't, we won't use TDX.
Speaker C: We won't use DVD.
Speaker B: But they based that on user specifications.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: Teamwork.
Speaker C: Well, great.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, what do you think about the smart board?
Speaker B: It was a complete disaster.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's a smart board.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And that's a digital pen.
Speaker E: It's also, it's more of a smart board.
Speaker B: That's the smart board.
Speaker C: I like this smart board, but I hate it.
Speaker C: This isn't the smart board.
Speaker D: Well, it's both a smart board.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: But you, this is just a large, large television.
Speaker C: You, you used that.
Speaker C: It's both a smart board.
Speaker C: But this one is used for a desktop and that one is used to draw.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: You could, this is just a beamer function.
Speaker D: And you could, you know, draw a picture and things like that.
Speaker C: Well, which one did you like?
Speaker C: Left or right?
Speaker C: That one.
Speaker D: That one is accurate.
Speaker D: It just doesn't work.
Speaker E: You can, I think this is meant by the digital pen.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: That is, so.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think there's a big, smart board.
Speaker D: I think there's a big, smart board.
Speaker D: I don't need a smart board.
Speaker E: No, it's much more.
Speaker E: We, we use that one.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: We need it.
Speaker D: Give me a beamer.
Speaker C: That's much cheaper.
Speaker C: Or install a laptop to a beamer or have this one standing here in an, I like it.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Yeah, I like it.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker B: But you can, I said it about three times now.
Speaker B: A green board with chalk is much more useful than that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It is.
Speaker B: The simple, cool board.
Speaker C: And the digital pen that, that you like that one.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: I didn't use it.
Speaker B: I wrote things down, but I didn't.
Speaker B: I used it too much.
Speaker C: I used it too much.
Speaker C: Check it out.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You can send that to anyone because you just scribbled something on a page for yourself.
Speaker C: And then you're going to send it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, no, and then also you write things down and you can also bring your, your, your note block.
Speaker B: So what's the, what's the point of importing it into?
Speaker E: I drew this.
Speaker E: And I made a mistake, but it would have been useful if I could show this on the screen.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: For drawings.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker E: Not for a personal note.
Speaker B: Well, I mean, you can bring your paper work along.
Speaker B: But we'll, of course, if you have a lot of paper.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: If you agree on that.
Speaker C: If you offer notes, you have to put it in a strict, you have to put in names, then the date and all those things, a note for a meeting are very strict.
Speaker C: So if you would write them down for yourself and then put that in your computer, you still have to type it over to words.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So it doesn't, it doesn't have any.
Speaker C: That's definitely.
Speaker B: Yeah, I understand.
Speaker B: But I think this option is only useful if you've got a lot of paper work, but you can't, it's not very, not, well.
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker D: A lot of documents are, yeah.
Speaker E: It's only useful if you have to draw something, but then it's really useful, I think.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: Et cetera.
Speaker D: Well, the laptops.
Speaker C: Yeah, great.
Speaker C: Of course, great.
Speaker C: Can we keep them?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You can buy them.
Speaker C: Wireless, right.
Speaker C: Thanks for the manager.
Speaker C: Other things we used here.
Speaker C: I hated the camera.
Speaker C: I hated the microphones.
Speaker C: Well, the cameras.
Speaker C: Well, thank you.
Speaker D: Really great.
Speaker B: Did you really take those in account?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: F of timeline.
Speaker B: Did you notice they were there?
Speaker C: I haven't looked one time directly at the camera and I don't care about it.
Speaker B: But we shouldn't talk about that because we're right.
Speaker C: Et cetera rather stands.
Speaker C: That stands.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: New ideas found.
Speaker C: What kind of ideas for a future schedule of work with?
Speaker C: For future meetings.
Speaker E: You have got the option to communicate to email.
Speaker E: That's just an environment they set it up with.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: But that's one new idea.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, new ideas found by this.
None: Not.
None: Nothing.
Speaker C: Well, we don't want this.
Speaker C: We hate this.
Speaker C: That's...
Speaker C: Digital pen is useless.
Speaker C: Oh, it isn't.
Speaker C: Well, for drawings.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: So it isn't useless.
Speaker C: But then you have to have a lot of drawings because if I had a company and I'm going to buy those expensive, huge expensive things, and I have to pay those papers that are expensive, I'm not going to...
Speaker D: For people who sketch the old day, I can imagine.
Speaker C: Well, they still have a nice graphics program on the laptop because this is huge.
Speaker E: Well, you draw on a laptop like you paint or draw with your hand.
Speaker E: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker E: But if you...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, if this isn't working, if you're sketching, indeed.
Speaker B: But what if maybe this board, a smart board is malfunctioning or something, but suppose it was working correctly.
Speaker B: Would it be useful then?
Speaker B: If it wasn't off all the time.
Speaker C: Oh, no.
Speaker C: I hate it to draw like that.
Speaker C: You can draw anything neat.
Speaker D: Yeah, but he's saying if it is correct, and you can draw...
Speaker D: Anything you want?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Very precise.
Speaker C: Very precise.
Speaker C: It would be perfect following.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It doesn't, but maybe that thing is...
Speaker C: It's very expensive towards a green...
Speaker C: Yeah, a board.
Speaker E: Yeah, but then you can save it then instantly.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: It does.
Speaker B: It's useful.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If it works, maybe this thing is just malfunctioning.
Speaker B: So if we get an... if you get another one and you make sure it does work, I think then it's pretty useful.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because, yeah, you can draw things quickly and clearly for anyone in the discussion room.
Speaker B: And then you can save it immediately.
Speaker C: Well, they are now...
Speaker C: Hm.
Speaker D: Celebration.
Speaker C: It is.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Did you type in...
Speaker C: Congratulations, true.
Speaker C: It's a celebration.
Speaker E: Well, we didn't go to the bar.
Speaker E: Finally, it might be a...
Speaker C: Money.
Speaker C: Well, that's it.
Speaker C: I think...
Speaker C: I don't know how long we still have...
Speaker C: I don't know how long we had for this last meeting.
Speaker C: But...
Speaker B: Maybe till four o'clock or something.
Speaker B: Well, I do know.
Speaker C: Well, yeah, it is a bit...
Speaker C: Well, we still have to make the end report and all those things.
Speaker C: I have to do that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, you better get started.
Speaker C: Did you save this one in the folder?
Speaker C: Can you do that?
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker B: We must save this thing, yeah.
Speaker B: In the Share Map map.
Speaker E: But, Neil, you've got some work left.
Speaker E: I don't know what you would have to do.
Speaker C: It's a good word to the folder.
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: You don't...
Speaker E: I have to go to...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: You see your thing at the...
Speaker C: Oh, it worked.
Speaker C: Two times quick.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker B: Shall we take you to the floor?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, great man.
Speaker A: Gonna buy one more...
Speaker A: This is nice.
Speaker D: Buy one more...
Speaker D:... from a battery.
Speaker E: And a conch and that's okay.
Speaker E: I'm still...
Speaker C:... in my design.
Speaker B: Do you believe it yourself?
Speaker C: Oh!
Speaker C: He saved them all ten.
Speaker C: Well, all right.
Speaker E: They wanted everything they produced.
Speaker B: They also wanted to see my cat and his rabbit.
Speaker B: Well...
Speaker E: My big bird.
Speaker B: You're a big, beautiful bird.
Speaker C: Where is this move?
Speaker C: Maybe the pen is just broken and the board isn't...
Speaker B:... or the other way around them.
Speaker B: Maybe you are broken.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think...
Speaker B: So, too.
Speaker B: I think you have to make clear to her that we're away.
Speaker B: I think she's listening.
Speaker B: I also...
Speaker E: She always knows...
Speaker E: She's your talker.
Speaker D: Oh, you mean our big brother.
Speaker D: Coach.
Speaker C: Our personal coach.
Speaker B: I think you're a big brother.
Speaker B: I think you're a big brother.
Speaker B: Coach. Our personal coach.
Speaker B: Our manager.
Speaker B: She also our accountant.
Speaker B: Is she responsible for sending that information to the lathe?
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker B: Because then we have to confront her with our...
Speaker B: So, as you can see, we're ready.
Speaker D: I feel watched.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: We put the passion...
Speaker C:... actually to promote into...
Speaker C: But we couldn't because of the costs.
Speaker C: That's a time to move on.
Speaker A: That's a beautiful thing.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I like that.
Speaker C: Couldn't put the passion into the electronics.
Speaker D: It's going to blame our accountant.
Speaker D: Do that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's a nice title.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Fuck the good.
Speaker D: Very catchy.
Speaker D: Well, I'm sure management would like that.
Speaker C: Well, I'm going to resign after this project anyway.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker D: That's just great.
Speaker D: Yeah.
