None: Hello.
None: You braced that in my?
None: Yes, I made it.
None: English from now on.
Speaker E: Drawing or?
Speaker D: Yeah, just testing.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: I'm not feeling that much.
Speaker E: To all the stress.
None: Just kidding.
Speaker E: English.
Speaker E: So annoying.
Speaker E: I'm not feeling that much.
Speaker C: I'm not feeling that much.
None: I'm not feeling that much.
Speaker C: I'm not feeling that much.
Speaker C: So annoying.
Speaker D: Break is over.
Speaker E: Ooh, it works.
Speaker E: Spicy.
Speaker E: Spicy.
Speaker E: Or all the other presentations.
Speaker C: I just put it in the shared folder.
Speaker C: Which is conceptual.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: Yeah, conceptual design.
Speaker E: Or whatever it does.
Speaker E: I see only my own presentation.
Speaker C: No, no, no. Can you go back?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because it has to be PowerPoint.
Speaker C: Yeah, components design.
Speaker E: That's it.
Speaker E: I just put it in there.
Speaker A: He's coming.
Speaker C: I did get a bit more done than the last time.
Speaker C: Because I knew that I didn't have time.
Speaker C: So I just copy and paste everything into it.
Speaker E: I can kind of paste it into the other folder.
Speaker D: You can look at the final report.
Speaker D: Because I have to record everything.
Speaker D: I'm not sure if you are deciding on the search.
Speaker D: So move to me.
Speaker D: I'm trying to write it down between everything else.
Speaker C: Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds.
Speaker C: And there's nothing there.
Speaker C: Yeah, me too.
Speaker C: Also, I don't know how to use PowerPoint.
Speaker C: So it takes me forever to get something done.
Speaker B: You've got the same problems.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, here we go again.
Speaker D: Welcome.
Speaker D: You have again three presentations.
Speaker D: And then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to, for the remote control has to support.
Speaker D: So let's go.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Who wants to start?
Speaker D: Me first again or?
Speaker D: Yeah, sure.
Speaker E: Doesn't matter.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: If you open it already or?
None: No.
None: Yes.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: So welcome to the marketing presentation once again.
Speaker E: This time about trend watching.
Speaker E: Well, there has been investigation again in the remote control market.
Speaker E: It shows a number of developments.
Speaker E: I will address them in a moment.
Speaker E: Fashion watchers have detected the trends for young public because that's our public.
Speaker E: Well, fruit and vegetables will be the most important team for clothing, shoes and furniture.
Speaker E: And the field material is expected to be spongy.
Speaker E: So the developments, I will address them.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, well, this is the fruit and vegetables.
Speaker E: Lukes are fresh, bright colors to give you an ID.
Speaker E: Well, the developments, development one.
Speaker E: Well, the most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look and feel instead of the current functional look and feel.
Speaker E: Well, fancy stands for an original look and feel of the case and the interface.
Speaker E: And the second most important aspect is that remote control should be technological, innovative.
Speaker E: Well, it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls.
Speaker E: I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and speed recognition.
Speaker E: So I don't expect that to be a problem.
Speaker E: The third developments is that the remote control should be easy to use.
Speaker E: Well, the first aspect was twice as important as the second aspect, which was twice as important as the third aspect.
Speaker E: So that kind of gives you these ratios.
Speaker E: So fancy look and feel is the most important point of attention.
Speaker E: So the fruits and vegetables in combination with the sponge material.
Speaker E: Well, technological innovation, we covered that pretty much, I guess.
Speaker E: And easy to use.
Speaker E: I don't think that would be a problem.
Speaker E: So my point of attention is especially this part that this will be correct.
Speaker E: So that was the marketing presentation.
Speaker E: I had only one document left.
Speaker B: So I go first.
Speaker E: So kind of this.
Speaker E: Yeah, sure.
Speaker E: So a small example kind of this.
Speaker E: Nothing about the buttons, but just sponge kind of thing and some fruit and colors, I don't know.
Speaker E: Just made a quick design.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: You're just using the instructions.
Speaker C: Yeah, components.
Speaker B: Yeah, layout.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's okay.
Speaker D: You probably opened this.
Speaker C: Yeah, true.
Speaker C: F5.
Speaker C: F5.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: So I'm dealing with the components design.
Speaker C: Let's see.
Speaker C: I used some design examples we had from similar products.
Speaker C: I used possibilities from our manufacturing department about current components, which will have to be implemented in the design.
Speaker C: That's why I wanted to go first.
Speaker C: Well, they gave me an idea about what people want.
Speaker C: We're mainly focusing on this group, but I want to make the distinction clear.
Speaker C: I could not drag the pictures into the slide.
Speaker C: So I don't have examples of how it looks like, but it comes down to what you think we should do with the spongy and the fruity-looking type.
Speaker C: If the young dynamic people want soft primary colors, which looks like fruits, you know, you can, and shapes that are curved and not solid, straight-lined anymore.
Speaker C: So this basically goes on to what you were mentioning earlier.
Speaker C: There's a lot of factors involved in choosing the components.
Speaker C: There's a lot of options that we have to discuss.
Speaker C: For example, the energy source.
Speaker C: We have four types, the basic battery.
Speaker C: We have a hand dynamo, which we Dutch referred to it as the Kneipkot.
Speaker C: The kinetic provision of energy, which means if you move the thing, you shake it, which will be fun for toddlers, right?
Speaker C: If they want to use the...
Speaker C: And of course, solar cells, but I don't know how we would use that into the design of the actual product.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Also, in countries where there isn't much light, like in Scandinavia, they wouldn't be able to use it half of the year.
Speaker C: That's not cool, either.
Speaker C: So, for the case, there's the traditional uncarved flat-heart case, single-curved, which means that it has curves in one dimension or the double-curves.
Speaker C: I wasn't able to finish my personal preferences sheet, but, well, in all, we will have to go for the double-curved, because it's daring and different from what we have now.
Speaker C: The case materials, well, we have all kinds of hard materials, like the hard plastic, the wood and the titanium.
Speaker C: I would definitely go for rubber, because it fits most in what people want to see nowadays.
Speaker C: Phew, this is a lot of text. I wasn't able to organize this yet.
Speaker C: We have several interface designs.
Speaker C: We can use scroll buttons for the menus, but we already kind of decided to go for the push buttons for the arrow buttons.
Speaker C: So, that's not really interesting.
Speaker C: Electronics.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe we want to decide on what electronics to use.
Speaker C: The advanced chip, I think, is easiest to implement for the production, because they can print it better.
Speaker C: I think this is about it. I was working on some personal preferences.
Speaker C: I first chose for the battery, because I'm traditional, and that's the most obvious, easiest choice to go to.
Speaker C: But I really think that we should maybe think about the kinetic energy, where you have to move the thing to be able to use it.
Speaker B: So, I think that we should be able to use the traditional feature, or combine both with one.
Speaker D: I guess we have maybe one source of energy.
Speaker C: I can imagine that the kinetic type energy source would be more expensive to make, but it is more long-lasting that people don't have to ever buy batteries again.
Speaker E: That is more fun.
Speaker C: And it's also more fun. I always chuck my remote control around.
Speaker E: I think it's a good thing with it, and especially when the material is rubber, it can be done.
Speaker C: You can't harm it, so it's a perfect combination.
Speaker C: You don't have to be scared about bouncing it off the floor and breaking it, or whatever.
Speaker C: So, that's the end of it.
Speaker E: So, double-curve is like this.
Speaker C: It means curved in two dimensions. So, single-curved, let's say, would be a square box, but then with curves on one dimension.
Speaker C: And double-curved would mean that it would have curves in every direction, like 3D.
Speaker B: One very important thing I was thinking about, speech option.
Speaker B: We were going to use that.
Speaker B: That's one thing which I'm not sure of how to implement it.
Speaker D: The visual representation is not there with speech.
Speaker B: It has to be combined with a manual for functions.
Speaker D: I think you can just match the speech commands with the features that are already present.
Speaker D: We don't think you have to design anything else.
Speaker B: Do the speech just for the basic options, for the simple buttons, for everything, also for fun options.
Speaker B: This is all a very basic, trend design, everybody says it.
Speaker B: In the last meeting, we were putting the simple and advanced options separated.
Speaker B: It's obvious.
Speaker B: Pressing the menu option will disable all other options on your remote control.
Speaker B: Only the LCD panel will light up and then you can only change the buttons that you need to control.
Speaker B: Design has to be very attractive with that.
Speaker B: You have to delete this.
Speaker B: Display on the upper side with the menu button and maybe some sort of cancel button or save button.
Speaker B: That would be the back.
Speaker D: You did read the minutes I wrote?
Speaker B: A little bit, but not more.
Speaker D: I hate doing work for nothing.
Speaker B: This is the basic design for the buttons.
Speaker B: I wanted to categorize everything with speech display sounds, everything you noted in your minutes.
Speaker B: Every push button has its own lead light.
Speaker B: You can make it more trendy for younger people.
Speaker B: If there are older people, they want it more luxurious.
Speaker B: That's also an option.
Speaker D: That was it.
Speaker D: I'm again.
Speaker D: What we have to do is what kind of components do we use?
Speaker D: Energy source, chip type, case type and user interface.
Speaker D: I didn't see a clear distinction between this.
Speaker D: I think what we have is okay.
Speaker D: We already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy.
Speaker D: The case would be doubly curved.
Speaker D: The only thing we have left.
Speaker C: We need the chip on print to be able to support the screen and audio function.
Speaker E: Is that the advanced chip?
Speaker C: Otherwise, we would have a simple chip just for pressing buttons.
Speaker C: We need more.
Speaker C: I'm not sure what this is going to cost to be able to.
Speaker D: I didn't get any info on this.
Speaker C: We need to sell it for 25 euro a piece.
Speaker E: It's going to be difficult.
Speaker E: The cost of making it should be 12.5.
Speaker B: I didn't get any information about that.
Speaker C: We don't produce it in China.
Speaker D: Child labor, we love it.
Speaker B: It's quite difficult because we haven't got all the options.
Speaker D: Do you have a picture of doubly curved case?
Speaker D: Could you put it in the group folder?
Speaker C: Let me see what it says.
Speaker E: If you go to the homepage or something.
Speaker C: I'm going there now.
Speaker E: Get your own information.
Speaker E: I got my fresh and fruity picture.
Speaker E: You didn't enjoy it yourself.
Speaker E: Maybe it's the menu.
Speaker E: Maybe it's easy with an arrow so that indicates that there's a menu under that menu.
Speaker C: Maybe it's easier if you guys come over here.
Speaker C: This is the standard traditional type where the form serves the function.
Speaker C: It's like really basic.
Speaker C: It's more appealing to old people and we don't want that.
Speaker C: This is what we're looking for.
Speaker C: That means curved in both dimensions.
Speaker C: Not only like this, but it has to be...
Speaker C: It has to be kind of instead of the PlayStation module.
Speaker C: It has to be like the GameCube.
Speaker C: Your thumbs would be laying in the instrument.
Speaker C: It has to be nice to hold.
Speaker B: It has to be luxurious for rich people.
Speaker B: This looks a little bit like only for children.
Speaker C: Yeah, but that's the problem.
Speaker C: The dilemma actually.
Speaker C: We want to appeal to the young public with flashy colors and with a lot of shape.
Speaker C: The rubber, it will look cheap always.
Speaker B: The colors you can make the colors with.
Speaker B: It lets beneath the buttons, pressure button, and you can disable the core and let for people that don't like it.
Speaker C: There's mobile phones in which you can change the color also of the lights.
Speaker C: Maybe we should consider this function to customize it.
Speaker C: Kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colors and people want something different or more design.
Speaker C: They can go for one color.
Speaker C: For example, this photo camera.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker D: Underwater.
Speaker C: Personally, I think it's really ugly.
Speaker C: Just give me the thing that's inside there.
Speaker C: Maybe I have to hold for this stuff.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, I think we're all...
Speaker D: I have bright colors.
Speaker C: This is with the curves that I mean.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's a singly curve.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It should be nice.
Speaker D: But we could make a compromise between that, but I don't know if it's worth the effort.
Speaker C: A compromise between what?
Speaker D: Instead of doubly carved, we take a single curved.
Speaker D: So, to be only a more to the...
Speaker C: This will be a single curved.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: This is only in this dimension.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Like this.
Speaker E: So, curve here.
Speaker E: Not the eye.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, we keep it singly, single curved.
Speaker D: That would be an option, I don't know what you think.
Speaker C: I think that, I mean, our aim is to make something different, right?
Speaker C: To make something new.
Speaker C: I would go for the double curved.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And I'm thinking, you know, a drawing palette where you have the shape for your thumb.
Speaker C: So, it kind of holds nicely, something like that.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, this is really your decision.
Speaker B: We can make more options for buttons if you have it in your hand.
Speaker B: You are not only...
Speaker B: Yeah, you don't need one dimension, but you can use other dimensions for pressing the buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, you can make a trigger button or something like that.
Speaker B: Something to shoot at your television.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Or that is the confirmation button or something that you scroll with your thumb with the arrows and then confirm.
Speaker C: That would be a nice way to use it.
Speaker C: But, I mean, I'm thinking big already and we need something that you can able to use in one hand, I think.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: So, from top view looks kind of like this.
Speaker E: But from the side, you can have it also in a kind of shape.
Speaker D: Maybe because the screen is on top, you can have buttons to interface.
Speaker D: If you turn it a little.
Speaker E: Maybe you can have this kind of shape.
Speaker E: A little upwards so that the screen is more...
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E:...through it yourself so you can easily see your screen.
Speaker E: Oh, well, you have it in your hand.
Speaker E: So, it's kind of an angle from your eyes to the screen.
Speaker E: So, then you have double...
Speaker E: Double carves in some way.
Speaker E: So, this...
Speaker E: This is so the screen is positioned over here.
Speaker E: Oh, something like that.
Speaker E: And the buttons are more... Oh, it's very thick now.
Speaker C: Yeah, I understand what you mean.
Speaker C: That's...
Speaker C: How about we do a pop-up screen like the laptop?
Speaker C: So that only the simple functions will be visible at first?
Speaker C: Yeah, that you can press it and then it comes up or...
Speaker D: Yeah, something like that.
Speaker D: So, you have the side view?
Speaker E: But then the side view can be straight if you have a pop-up screen.
Speaker E: I don't know if that's too expensive.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's too much.
Speaker D: Yeah, it's too much.
None: You want to be able to...
Speaker D:...make this...
Speaker C: No, like...
Speaker C: I would draw it like this.
Speaker C: Let's say this is the side view that you have a screen that will come up here and can go down that way.
Speaker C: You know what I mean.
Speaker C: So that it will come up like that.
Speaker D: Okay, so the buttons are on top here and you flip it over that way.
Speaker C: Yeah, or preferably even keep the simple buttons here.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And then under the screen even you...
Speaker C: Oh, the advanced buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's good to be.
Speaker B: More advanced options wherever for the menu.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: For the LCD menu.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker D:...to hide them all.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Not all, because you need most of them.
Speaker D: There are buttons.
Speaker D: But you can hide the okay in the back.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: And then you can do it a little bit and also because when you flip it over...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D:...maybe if you drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will...
Speaker D:...how to activate the mode.
Speaker C: I'll do it a little bit.
Speaker E: Activate the...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So...
Speaker E: Okay, but you have to...
Speaker E:...you need some button to flip this.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: You choose...
Speaker C:...open...
Speaker C:...make it mechanical.
Speaker C: But you can make it...
Speaker E:...yeah, you can make a trigger here.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E:...you do a simple...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B:...with the...
Speaker B:...with the...
Speaker B:...with the...
Speaker B:...one...
Speaker B:...yeah, if you drop it one time...
Speaker B: True.
Speaker E: It can go open.
Speaker C: Yeah, the idea of it was...
Speaker C:...is that because you close it, you cover the LCD screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever.
Speaker E: And it will be covered in some kind of thin rubber layer or something like that.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker C: We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break.
Speaker C: It's very solid, yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: So that may work.
Speaker C: That actually will offer some extra protection...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D:...we still have the...
Speaker D:...the thing of the...
Speaker D:...the shape.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I was thinking, if you have your hand, if this is your...
Speaker A:...harder.
Speaker E: Yeah, the lower part doesn't work, I guess.
Speaker E: So maybe you should try it over there.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: If this is your thumb and this is your hand like that...
Speaker C:...with your wrist, that it would be kind of shaped like this, you know?
Speaker C: So it's easier to hold in your hand to...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B:...with your left hand, that's your problem.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, of course.
Speaker C: Yeah, then you would have to...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C:...to make it like this, like you drew here.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And maybe then make this thicker also than the center.
Speaker C: Give it...
Speaker C: I would give it a female shape.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: The female shape, yeah.
Speaker D: Obviously.
Speaker C: It could make some more appealing to guys.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The mouse, which you can change.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: So if you...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah, but that's optional for later, I guess.
Speaker C: Yeah, but we have hardware inside, which is...
Speaker C:...so it has to have some sort of basic shape.
Speaker C: Yeah, we better...
Speaker C:...and also the screen, you can unmold it.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's okay.
Speaker E: We should better choose one shape.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: But that's kind of the idea, so it lays good in the hand and then...
Speaker E:...it can be inside with your thumb.
Speaker E: You can place the screen here, you can use...
Speaker E:...co-on.
Speaker D: Yeah, you can use the button.
Speaker D: So the key wraps are primary colors.
Speaker C: But then I would...
Speaker C: Spongy?
Speaker C: Spongy.
Speaker C: I would do the arrows here, kind of thing.
Speaker C: Spongy can be written by myself.
Speaker C: And the simple buttons here, so...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And the control things in the middle, the...
Speaker E:...the arrows?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's what I mean.
Speaker C: The arrows over here.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And there are the numbers.
Speaker C: Simple.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's...
Speaker D: That's a nice design.
Speaker D: Pretty design, yeah.
Speaker E: That's cool.
Speaker E: Yeah, that looks pretty fancy.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Or do we want to make a shape look like a banana or something?
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, it is.
Speaker E: Banana is a weird shape and other fruits also.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's better to have some sort of basic print and then a fruit print in some...
Speaker E:...primary colors.
Speaker E: I don't know what colors you'd be like.
Speaker E: Like some soft green or something?
Speaker B: Or...
Speaker B:...and then...
Speaker E:...dark blue or...
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, yeah, dark blue.
Speaker E: And then...
Speaker E:...you should use...
Speaker E:...a very bright yellow banana or an orange, a green apple, stuff like that.
Speaker E: Very bright tones, I guess.
Speaker E: Yeah, we need very primary colors.
Speaker B: Like bright red, bright yellow.
Speaker B: Yeah, but the primary colors we can create with the lats on the...
Speaker B:...on the...
Speaker B:...
None:...
Speaker B: Yeah, okay, yeah.
Speaker B: If you make it just...
Speaker B:...give it a blue color, then it's just a neutral color.
Speaker B: Also for the more...
Speaker B:...yeah, for the older people.
Speaker B: That doesn't really work to draw.
Speaker E: It's...
Speaker E: I guess.
Speaker E: Oh, what's this?
Speaker D: This text.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker E: No, you have text.
Speaker D: You can also make the line this.
Speaker E: Yeah, two hours further.
Speaker E: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: Well, thickness.
Speaker B: So that's blue?
Speaker E: Oh, why not go for the 20?
Speaker E: Yeah, that's what I call painting.
Speaker E: So that's a dark blue basic color, I guess.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's pretty nice.
Speaker E: And then...
Speaker E: Yeah, with some yellow banana...
Speaker C:...and how about some flashing standby lights?
Speaker C: Like, yeah, if only something...
Speaker C:...well, I don't like to call brands phones.
Speaker C: You know, that...
Speaker C:...cause I remember from one of our first meetings that people lose their remote controls often.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So not only in the colors of the lats, that we want something to keep it visible at all times.
Speaker E: How do you mean?
Speaker D: Sometimes flashing colors, so you can't lose it.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: I think it's a bit too much.
Speaker E: Yeah, an orange.
Speaker E: Oh, all right.
Speaker E: Well, this is more like purple, I guess.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It should be more real dark blue.
Speaker E: So the contrast with the fruit of Jaxxis is pretty high.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, yeah, it would be a nice device, I guess.
Speaker B: Which color should I give the display?
Speaker E: I mean, the color of the background of the display.
Speaker E: Well, I don't guess it has to be a...
Speaker A: 60...
Speaker E:...65,000 colors, so.
Speaker E: Yeah, too expensive.
Speaker E: So just a blue-blue backlight or something like that.
Speaker E: Green is too old-fashioned.
Speaker E: Not blue.
Speaker C: As long as you use high contrast between the background and foreground color.
Speaker C: Yeah, maybe I would say white.
Speaker B: White backlight.
Speaker E: White backlight and dark.
Speaker B: Dark letters.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Whatever, which is visible.
Speaker E: I know you should test it under light conditions.
Speaker E: I mean, it's hard to tell.
Speaker C: And also for people who are a bit color blind.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's mostly red and green, I believe.
Speaker E: Which color should the buttons be?
Speaker B: That's adjustable.
Speaker E: Whoa.
Speaker E: White adjustable.
Speaker E: All buttons? Yeah.
Speaker B: No, that's how we are going to make it more trendy.
Speaker B: Or just a little expensive.
Speaker E: Maybe, I mean, they have to have some color, right?
Speaker E: And if the background is very dark blue, maybe green.
Speaker C: But don't we want to make the background the bright colors?
Speaker C: So the total, the thing is very bright.
Speaker C: Like the pictures I showed you guys.
Speaker C: Those things were all like bright red, bright red, fleshy.
Speaker E: So more like this color.
Speaker C: Yeah, something like that.
Speaker E: And then it stands out more.
Speaker E: Then yellow and orange and red objects on it or something.
Speaker E: But then again, which color should the buttons be?
Speaker E: The pressed buttons.
Speaker E: Should it be white or black or?
Speaker B: Red, maybe.
Speaker B: It looks quite cheap.
Speaker B: That's color, I think.
Speaker B: It's not green.
Speaker E: Yeah, but it's pretty fresh on the other side.
Speaker C: It's actually pretty trendy color at the moment.
Speaker C: It's trendy.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: My couch is in that color.
Speaker D: Ooh, this is it?
Speaker D: Couch.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, it works pretty well.
Speaker E: And then time was up.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker C: Do you get a pop-up?
Speaker D: Yeah, within five minutes.
Speaker D: That you have five minutes left or?
Speaker D: Yeah, left and then left to kick you off.
Speaker E: So something like this.
Speaker E: That should be pretty nice color.
Speaker E: But maybe the buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for kind of blind people.
Speaker B: No, that's a bad option.
Speaker B: But the buttons had their own lads or not.
Speaker C: Yeah, the red and green are actually the easiest to discriminate, even for color blind.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: They will see one of each as gray.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But if you use green on blue, those kind of colors will look the same.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: So red buttons are okay.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker B: Okay, that's the default setting.
Speaker B: The red buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you need to keep in mind that the lads are just extra light.
Speaker E: How do you mean?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: They don't determine the color.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: I think about the red and blue lads.
Speaker B: That's too busy.
Speaker D: You have a background.
Speaker D: Each number is transparent.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Partly.
Speaker D: But you have to print on the number or the sign.
Speaker D: So it comes.
Speaker E: You better keep the left and the button itself in the same color, I guess.
Speaker E: So just an extra bit of light.
Speaker C: What we should do, I think, is make kind of a see-through plastic button with one color left behind it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So that the whole button will shine as the color.
Speaker C: And if you think about easy to use buttons, we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold for both hands, but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb if you hold the machine.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Don't mean to discourage you.
Speaker D: Basically, you two are going to work on Smartboard.
Speaker D: Next 30 minutes to design.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: And you will do the evaluation.
Speaker E: Of the product, which you don't have yet.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: About.
Speaker E: So how should I do that?
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: You can't do me.
Speaker E: Or you send it to me.
Speaker E: Or just because you are going to design it on this board.
Speaker D: Right?
Speaker D: Yeah, but maybe you can do the evaluation.
Speaker E: You don't have to evaluate yet, but you can make a procedure for them.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I probably get instructions on how to do that.
Speaker D: So I make another presentation, I guess.
Speaker D: I know what's going to happen in life.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So you have a basic ID.
Speaker C: And you two are going to do this.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker D: So that's.
Speaker D: Just make a new page and be creative.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: We have to do it at this moment after.
Speaker D: Yeah, you have 30 minutes.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Then we have to see something.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker B: Show to the management.
Speaker B: This is basically what we are thinking about.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Shall we make a new.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just delete all next.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Just make a new one.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker D: Save this board.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'll just keep it there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Just press save.
Speaker D: It will be fine.
Speaker E: On the left.
Speaker E: Sorry.
Speaker D: We also need a good flip art.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because then off that we can make the user own.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because I have to focus on the basic look and feel design.
Speaker C: So how it's going to look.
Speaker C: And you have to think how we're going to put the screen in it.
Speaker C: And that's kind of thing.
Speaker C: So if I'm drawing and you think, okay, I'm not going to be able to put the screen in there.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I have to.
Speaker C: Correct.
Speaker C: Do you mind if I draw in black then for normal sketches?
Speaker E: I don't even use your interactions.
Speaker C: I don't even use your interactions.
Speaker C: Fine.
Speaker C: So we kind of want the polish.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: So the plastic buttons also help because of their only...
Speaker E: I'm not so good at it.
Speaker E: During interaction.
Speaker E: So.
Speaker C: Excuse me?
Speaker E: Well, it's a good thing that the buttons aren't...
Speaker E: Well, that they are plastic because then you can light up the light on red when they are usable.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Maybe you should draw it very large.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Just part into filtering.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker C: How do we erase?
Speaker C: Now our insert text.
Speaker D: I know maybe just start typing.
Speaker A: That's a bit big.
Speaker D: You also do the other sides, not only the front side.
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: The side view.
Speaker B: And let's make first all the views. The front view, side view.
Speaker C: I thought for the side view that the base exception would be rather...
Speaker C: Do you like a little bit?
Speaker C: A bit thicker than the middle.
Speaker C: Let's see.
Speaker C: Because your fingers have to fit underneath.
Speaker C: The middle has to be very small.
Speaker E: But then you sign that the meeting is over yet.
Speaker E: Exactly.
Speaker C: But the upper side has to be a bit more like that I think.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The display we will put in here, the basic functions and here where it's most reachable.
Speaker C: The arrow functions.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker C: This is hard.
Speaker C: But don't have to draw it exactly, do we?
Speaker C: No, it's okay.
Speaker C: Wait, let me try it one more time.
Speaker C: It's easier if I draw it in once.
Speaker C: Okay, of course, it will become way more ugly.
Speaker B: You can make it larger.
Speaker B: Maybe it's easier to draw one.
Speaker C: So take forever.
Speaker C: It's fun to work with this band.
Speaker C: So larger.
Speaker C: That's the basic idea.
Speaker C: So five minutes left before the meeting ends.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Other views?
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker B: Only if you are going to put buttons on the sides of the unit.
Speaker B: That's the question.
Speaker C: Let's fill in the buttons later.
Speaker C: So this is going to be from the side.
Speaker E: Because the screen goes up like that, right?
Speaker E: So then it's like this.
Speaker E: That's not convenient because then you have to screen like this and you look like this.
Speaker E: It's better to have it somewhat like this.
Speaker E: Or does it flip all the way?
Speaker B: Maybe it's easier to integrate the LCD screen just into this bubble.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Because it doesn't have to flip then.
Speaker B: Because it's more space for making an LCD.
Speaker E: It's better to have this like this, I guess, and then flip it like this.
Speaker B: Why do we need the flipping?
Speaker C: You can adjust the angle to which it flips.
Speaker C: So it can also from this angle it can flip all the way up to there.
Speaker E: It can flip it up to there if you want.
Speaker E: So yeah.
Speaker E: But we still keep the flipping mechanism.
Speaker C: Think so?
Speaker C: Yeah, we keep the flip.
Speaker C: Because I think it will feel weird if you would make this smaller and this bigger or something that I don't know.
Speaker B: The shape is okay.
Speaker B: I don't see the, yeah, why we should use the flipping mechanism.
Speaker C: Yeah, I thought it would be cool.
Speaker E: Okay, yeah, but maybe we should then.
Speaker B: Because we have enough space.
Speaker B: Here we go to the basic function.
Speaker B: Yeah, there are the middle arrow.
Speaker E: Shouldn't we integrate it?
Speaker E: Yeah, and then we should.
Speaker E: Like, oh.
Speaker E: Dude.
Speaker E: So this is the shape.
Speaker E: It doesn't.
Speaker C: Yeah, it doesn't seem so well.
Speaker E: Okay, but the screen is a bit lower because if it falls on the other side, it doesn't fall on the screen.
Speaker E: So there's a layer of rubber on the sides.
Speaker E: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker E: So no flipping, but just.
Speaker B: No flipping?
Speaker B: No flipping?
Speaker B: You wanted the flipping.
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess, but I mean, most of those count, right?
Speaker B: If you drop it, it just breaks.
Speaker B: And it has to be very strong because of the.
Speaker E: Throw in the kinetic.
Speaker E: So it better make it like this.
Speaker C: Yeah, if you're going for the kind of.
Speaker B: Yeah, for people not 16 years.
Speaker E: They're already responsible enough to have a mobile phone.
Speaker E: It's also to do with their remote control.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, I'm just thinking totally different designs also.
Speaker C: Remember that the weird pocket phone thing here, which looked like kind of a game boy.
Speaker C: Maybe we should try something like that.
Speaker D: I thought up a name for our product.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's called the real remote.
Speaker D: Oh, all right.
Speaker D: Copyright signed off the real.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker C: Yeah, I like it.
Speaker E: Good.
Speaker E: We should work in our own room, right?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: We have to include that in our designs as well.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: How's that?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: See you two and a half an hour.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: Good luck.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That's a side.
Speaker B: It's okay.
Speaker B: But do we want options on the side with a little bit of buttons?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Or I think we do.
Speaker B: We could make an volume button scroll.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Or also scrolling for the.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: We kind of wanted to stick with the.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm just thinking if we want to make something different, right?
Speaker C: So with the scroll is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You are going to design it.
None: Yeah.
