Speaker C: You know minutes.
None: Your screen was also...
None: I have great.
Speaker A: Oh, I forgot my pen.
Speaker F: Oh, I don't need it.
Speaker F: My screen is small again.
None: I don't know what to do.
Speaker C: My screen is big.
Speaker C: Who starts?
Speaker C: Well, I'll start just with another presentation.
Speaker C: So then we can look at the agenda for this meeting.
Speaker C: I'll put some new things in the map.
Speaker C: This is it.
Speaker C: I don't know the shortcut.
Speaker C: Well, our functional design meeting, the states were in.
Speaker C: Also, all three of you have prepared something about it.
Speaker C: We'll just have a look at the notes from the previous meeting.
Speaker C: What we thought we had decided.
Speaker C: Then we'll look at the three presentations from you.
Speaker C: I think you've prepared for all of that.
Speaker C: We'll look at the new project requirements.
Speaker C: You also have received the new project requirements from our bosses.
Speaker C: I've received them with some additional requirements.
Speaker C: I think we should show them before your presentations because it's not really smart to include some things we can because of the new requirements.
Speaker C: Then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions.
Speaker C: We have to decide in this meeting what our function will be.
Speaker C: Then we can discuss some more closing.
Speaker B: We have 40 minutes for this discussion.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: Well, Vaka, the closing.
Speaker C: We'll not look at that yet.
Speaker C: I'll show that to this board.
Speaker C: Well, notes for this meeting.
Speaker C: I gave a presentation.
Speaker C: We familiarized ourselves with the boards.
Speaker C: Then we discussed some first ideas.
Speaker C: We have to merge the strong points from our competitors and look at their remote controls.
Speaker C: We should make it compatible with our new DVD and other releases we have, our technical releases.
Speaker C: Not too many buttons.
Speaker C: We'll recognize a move button in the middle.
Speaker C: Why do you do the most important functions with?
Speaker C: They can have two functions because you have a DVD and a television.
Speaker C: The design has to fit the hands, the original, but also be familiar.
Speaker C: It's one of our ideas.
Speaker C: It's just 30 minutes ago, so it's not quite a...
Speaker C: Now it's right.
Speaker C: But I have to do it.
Speaker C: The materials should be hard plastic with rubber from the ties and the labeling of the buttons should be indestructible.
Speaker C: It should be very nice.
Speaker C: Well, fronts for the remote, just like one more telephone.
Speaker C: And the technical aspect and also the labeling of the buttons, the functions should be universal standards.
Speaker C: That's just some ideas from the first meeting.
Speaker C: It's quite logical.
Speaker C: All of it.
Speaker C: Now the new project requirements, I'll just show them.
Speaker C: I got this mill from our bosses.
Speaker C: Well, data text goes out.
Speaker C: We will not use data text.
Speaker C: Maybe I just ignored a thing.
Speaker C: But not data text.
Speaker C: It's not my place to disagree against.
Speaker C: The second is a bit...
Speaker C: Shh, pity.
Speaker C: Because we just said we wanted to include DVD and data wanted because of our time we have for this project.
Speaker C: So that's a shame because especially for the third requirement, we want to reach people under the 30 years because we don't have those customers a lot at this point.
Speaker C: Well, it's a bit pity because those people want to have one remote control for all those technical devices they can...
Speaker C: We forget about it.
Speaker F: It's just time consuming.
Speaker C: Well, and our corporate image should stay recognizable in our products.
Speaker C: So we have to use maybe a slogan, maybe a color, and on our remote controls, the design has to be...
Speaker C: As we already said, I'm actually familiar.
Speaker C: Not only this shape, but also our company.
Speaker B: Yeah, we are a real fashion more company.
Speaker B: I read it all the...
Speaker B: I didn't know what company we were, but we designed it.
Speaker B: Especially trendy stuff.
Speaker B: So it has to be a modern design. It's important to know when you design it.
Speaker C: Yes, I noted our slogan that we have, our company, that's... we put the fashion in electronics.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: So maybe that's a slogan that we can put somewhere on a remote control or something.
Speaker C: Alright, then we're going to have three presentations.
Speaker C: You want the start?
Speaker C: I think I have to start.
Speaker C: I didn't see anything about that.
Speaker F: I just have to think which follows mine, because I was a bit in a hurry.
Speaker F: Okay, well...
Speaker F: I think it's this one, but I'm not sure.
Speaker F: Gwynne?
Speaker C: Hi, if you want to open to PowerPoint.
Speaker F: Yes, this one.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Well, I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements.
Speaker F: To start with these points.
Speaker F: Next sheet.
Speaker F: At first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current controls, because it's a smart thing to exclude those things.
Speaker F: Furthermore, it's very important what they do like and what they do use.
Speaker F: Then I tell something about the most important issues.
Speaker F: So we have to focus on those three things.
Speaker F: And in the end I'll show you our target audience or our target product users, customers.
Speaker F: Well, the first findings are that people think most controls are very kind of ugly.
Speaker F: So that's 75% of the current users.
Speaker F: They don't like it, so we might think about fronts in that section.
Speaker F: They also say that's about, I thought it was 50%, that more money will be spent on better looking controls.
Speaker F: So it's very important that you design a nice looking control.
Speaker F: The current user uses his machine just about, well, all the time for a few functions.
Speaker F: Almost every user uses the control for just 10% of his capacity.
Speaker F: So it's really important to make the buttons for the common tasks kind of big or kind of flashy.
Speaker F: Furthermore, it's 75% of the users' Zepsilop.
Speaker F: This might be smart to make a big zapping button or something in the middle.
Speaker F: So you can reach the system.
Speaker F: You can zap away.
Speaker F: Yeah, right.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: A lot of users' users lose their controls in the living room.
Speaker F: So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television that your control beeps or something that you can find very easily.
Speaker F: I don't know, maybe that's an idea.
Speaker F: Because it's a big, I think, 50% of the users' loses its control within the same room.
Speaker C: It's actually loose from the television because it can also be used for other televisions.
Speaker C: So if you deliver a small click on device that you can put on your television that leaps to your remote control, everyone can use it.
Speaker C: Yeah, but if you lose your click on the device.
Speaker C: No, you can click it on your television.
Speaker F: Yeah, but if somebody else uses it in another room or something.
Speaker F: In another room.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: The control is lost in the same room.
Speaker F: So, well, it'll be revised.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Furthermore, the learning time is a problem.
Speaker F: 34% thinks it's too difficult to learn.
Speaker F: So the learning curve should be very short for the dumps people should be able to use it.
Speaker B: I think our user expert should also consider manual for the remote, of course.
Speaker F: Yeah, but people don't read manuals.
Speaker B: No, they don't read it.
Speaker B: They use it to add one, do you think?
Speaker A: I don't think.
Speaker F: I think you should put more time in the design of pick up and use.
Speaker E: That's manual.
Speaker E: Yeah, right.
Speaker E: Big cost of the user.
Speaker E: I know how it's supposed to work.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: You should always be a manual, but it can be very short ahead.
Speaker E: And it should be consistent with all the remote control, I think.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Now, maybe for the, if you don't recognize a button, who do they call?
Speaker E: Yeah, right.
Speaker E: It should be there, the manual, but not to explain how the remote works.
Speaker F: We don't have much time, so it's better to put our attention to the design so you can pick up and use it.
Speaker C: We are a design team.
Speaker C: We can say to some writer, make a manual.
Speaker B: It's not part of the, no.
Speaker B: Well, have a look.
Speaker F: Next point.
Speaker F: Yes?
Speaker F: Well, that's about 20% I thought, but the designer should take the, should consider there.
Speaker F: Yeah, consider the consequences of using your remote.
Speaker F: It should be a good in your hand.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: This is the most important part.
Speaker F: We're, like the requirements that we're going to specify, we're going to target a younger audience.
Speaker F: That's about 60% of the market, so it's quite important.
Speaker F: Research shows that they like to have a little LCD screen on their, on their zapping device.
Speaker F: I thought it was the age between 16 and 20, 99% of the people like that.
Speaker F: So it's very important.
Speaker F: We should definitely have that in our designs.
Speaker C: Well, with 12 euro 50 as production cost we can afford to be in LZB.
Speaker F: Yeah, but they think it's really important.
Speaker F: So if we want to, if we have a big, if we make lots of, of the stuff, maybe we can buy it very cheap.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: We have to.
Speaker B: Well, we'll consider it here.
Speaker C: Sure, your chance to look into the costs of those.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't have any information on it.
Speaker D: I know.
Speaker D: We'll look into that later.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: And another thing is speech recognition.
Speaker F: They also like that, but research is very costly.
Speaker E: So that's difficult to realize also.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: But it might be important.
Speaker C: We have very demanding clients.
Speaker C: It's not yet standard development.
Speaker E: We have customers in the world.
Speaker F: LCD is more, I think, reachable than speech recognition.
Speaker F: Yeah, absolutely.
Speaker F: So we might consider LCD screens.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I will consider both and see what we can find.
Speaker B: We don't rule them out immediately.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: I think that's it.
Speaker F: I think it is sensible to take these points in the future.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: So you can write.
Speaker F: Well, I can still see your presentation.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Well, next, I don't know who is next.
Speaker C: You got a.
Speaker C: Can I give a technical talk?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker B: Well, it's my tech to explain what to point out of working design.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: We have that here.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: How do you enlarge it?
Speaker B: So that you have the F5.
Speaker D: F5.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, the one in the same?
Speaker B: That's my next button.
Speaker B: Well, right.
Speaker B: You know who I am and what I do.
Speaker B: So we have this.
Speaker B: It's a bit unclear because I want to copy paste something.
Speaker B: It was originally in black and white, but it became black and purple.
Speaker B: But I think you can read it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, I think it's important for you to realize the basic function of a remote control.
Speaker B: Well, you can see maybe you can select it.
Speaker F: Oh, yes.
Speaker F: In first.
Speaker B: And I don't can select.
Speaker B: I can select on the.
Speaker B: Go to the next page.
Speaker B: Oh, not for my.
Speaker B: Well, you can read it.
Speaker B: It's not.
Speaker B: It's a schematic view of how a basic remote control works.
Speaker B: You have basically the energy, the power of the remote control and the center, which is the lead, the bulb that sends the infrared beam to the set.
Speaker B: And the source is, of course, the user.
Speaker B: And the user interface is the buttons, of course.
Speaker B: And the user interface sends the different signals of the different buttons to the chip.
Speaker B: The chip sends it to the left and the left sends it to the receiver.
Speaker B: That's the basic idea.
Speaker B: Very basic.
Speaker B: Well, I have put it in a couple of basic steps.
Speaker B: The remote is basically just waiting for a user to press a key, does nothing until, of course, the key is pressed.
Speaker B: The key press is the signal to a chip.
Speaker B: The chip sends it to connection and recognize the key.
Speaker B: So, well, you understand.
Speaker B: The chip produces Morse code, a specific code to indicate that specific button, that is pressed, of course, and it uses transistors in the remote control to amplify and to send that signal again to the lead, which is the bulb, of course.
Speaker B: And the lead produces an infrared beam, signals the, well, it's very simple, and signals the, signals to the center on the TV set and the TV set also recognize the signal and performs the assigned task.
Speaker C: So, this is also why we have to have a button that says, I'm now busy with a DVD if we've had done that.
Speaker B: But we don't.
Speaker B: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker B: Well, this is the basic function of a remote.
Speaker B: I've done a couple of pictures here.
Speaker B: It's a very basic one.
Speaker B: And the score is if we're going to add an LCD screen to it, it won't look anything like this, but this is very basic, basically the shape of a remote control that has very little buttons.
Speaker B: But it's quite, you can easily recognize the buttons.
Speaker B: They're far enough apart and anything.
Speaker B: It's not very, not very high tech indeed, and not very user friendly.
Speaker B: If you look at shape, it's just a simple long box shape.
Speaker B: So we have to change a little bit to that.
Speaker B: So that comes more user friendly and that problems like Air Z and those kinds of things don't occur.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I have a table here about the relevance of the buttons.
Speaker F: The power button is used very much.
Speaker F: Channel selection, volume, and tail attacks.
Speaker F: Well, tail attacks is not an option.
Speaker F: But I think it's very important to make the power channel and volume buttons near to the thumb so you can't have Air Z consequences.
Speaker B: Yeah, because they are the most important buttons and you can immediately make them easy to
Speaker F: press.
Speaker D: You don't have to look and search for them.
Speaker C: If you have the most used buttons all in one place and you keep making the same moves. Well, if you would put it at a different place then you have to move your hands and that's
Speaker F: one of the things about Air Z. That's right.
Speaker B: You can't have any, every button under the thumb.
Speaker C: No, but the most important buttons, maybe you can just put them a bit apart.
Speaker C: So you would reject Air Z.
Speaker E: Maybe you can make for channel changing two little buttons on the side of the remote so you can just do it like this.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker C: I saw that on mobile telephones they also have those things that are usable.
Speaker F: Do people, when they pick up remote, know that they have to do that.
Speaker F: It's a new feature.
Speaker F: You can make a double feature like a button on the top.
Speaker C: Also, if someone picks up the remote, I think it's a good thing.
Speaker C: If someone picks up his remote and he touches the side and he's already on the next channel.
Speaker A: That's very irritating.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker C: I think.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker B: In any case, the basic function should be, indeed, as you say, at the thumb, I think that's a good idea.
Speaker B: The less important buttons, like the different channels, the numbers, 1, 3, 4, 5, should be not in reach because they don't use it all the time.
Speaker B: Well, it's pretty, basically, as you said, some pictures of the inside workings, but I don't want to get too technical because that's not very useful for your part of the job.
Speaker B: So, yeah, you said, this is how it looks from the inside.
Speaker B: I still like this.
Speaker B: I had to delete this button.
Speaker D: I had to make a schematic of the...
Speaker C: I had to do a little time, but don't look at this, please.
Speaker C: I think it's clear.
Speaker C: It's the most important thing.
Speaker C: Probably the latest that we started this presentation.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker F: I think about 20 minutes ago.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Then we have still the time.
Speaker C: But we do have to come to a decision.
Speaker C: Yeah, right.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker E: That's cool, ever.
Speaker E: I thought everybody on the website would see the same thing, but that's not the case.
Speaker B: Yeah, there are different...
Speaker B: We have all different home pages.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: Different links, yeah.
Speaker E: For instance, you couldn't see this.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah, well...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, I'm my younger.
Speaker E: Usually, in faces, I have the method.
Speaker E: Well, I use my own experience with remote to look at the remote on the corporate website, which are these two.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: These are already used.
Speaker E: Yes, these are from another manufacturer.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: This one is engineering-centered, so this one has the most functions and things.
Speaker E: This one is user-centered.
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker D: Well, I like users-centered.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Also the best.
Speaker E: We also have...
Speaker E: Well, I thought that we would use the option to control the DVD also and tailor text and that kind of stuff.
Speaker E: So I thought we would use more or need more buttons than this one, but we have to reject that because it requires...
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: That's why this is not relevant anymore.
Speaker E: I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we'll need.
Speaker E: Yeah, right.
Speaker E: I kind of like the shape.
Speaker E: I think this is what we talked about.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think you can't really see it from different sides, but I think...
Speaker E: No, I'll show this.
Speaker E: You can draw it a few...
Speaker E: Yeah, I think we should go further with the idea of removable fronts.
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker E: So we can customize...
Speaker C: Oh, absolutely.
Speaker C: But they all have to have something about the recognition from our company.
Speaker C: So we cannot just make someone want...
Speaker E: If it's not the whole remote that changes.
Speaker C: No, but the side they look at is the front.
Speaker C: So if you make a front with just a tiger on it, then our recognition is totally gone.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker E: You can put the same symbol on every remote.
Speaker D: That's the most...
Speaker D: Like everything...
Speaker D: We can put it on the backside.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, and...
Speaker E: Something like this...
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: It's recognizable.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker F: We can make a symbol of the company right here and a few with the front on it.
Speaker F: There's a hole in the front.
Speaker B: Yeah, so don't replace the symbol.
Speaker C: Or the lowest part of the remote isn't changed by the front.
Speaker C: That's not focused on the front.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, so like I said, I thought we'd use more functions.
Speaker E: We had to include more functions, but we don't.
Speaker E: So...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need.
Speaker E: Maybe some less.
Speaker E: Like eject we don't need.
Speaker E: Some other buttons we don't need.
Speaker B: Mike, can you put that picture for me in the work document file?
Speaker E: I will.
Speaker E: I think for the remote less is more.
Speaker E: Less buttons, the better the design.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We should go with that concept, I think.
Speaker F: All right.
Speaker F: I've got another point.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: There are two target audiences.
Speaker F: And we've chose for the younger one.
Speaker F: Research has shown that it's high-interested in features.
Speaker F: They are high-interested in feature.
Speaker F: But they are more critical for, yeah, critical.
Speaker F: The younger audience.
Speaker F: So we must design and control.
Speaker F: That really speaks to people.
Speaker C: Well, what if we at home have a remote that has the most familiar buttons on the top?
Speaker C: And the bottom side of the front has a little clap.
Speaker C: You can click away.
Speaker C: And then you have much more functions that most people don't use, but some don't do.
Speaker B: But I think the most functions underneath that aren't as much.
Speaker C: They are, especially if their features are important.
Speaker C: They want a lot.
Speaker E: But not.
Speaker E: What kind of features?
Speaker E: I think most of these screens have a false recognition.
Speaker E: But most look at the numbers.
Speaker F: The newest features are, like I said, our LCD and speech control.
Speaker F: Our audience, these people, are very like these features.
Speaker F: You see?
Speaker F: So we must build in something, or they will go to the concurrent.
Speaker F: Our competitors.
Speaker F: Our competitors, right.
Speaker F: So I do think we have to have some features.
Speaker C: Even though they cost a little more.
Speaker C: From some calculators, you have those little LCD that you can click on or something.
Speaker C: You can click out of the remote.
Speaker C: And if that gives you a little bit of set of information.
Speaker F: Which program you are watching or something.
Speaker C: Those kind of things.
Speaker C: Because you also have those program recognition for your PCRs.
Speaker C: And if your remote picks that up also, they can display which program you are currently watching.
Speaker B: So it just signals the different symbols on the screen.
Speaker B: Because if you change to channel 2, you have 2 on the screen and 2 on your...
Speaker B: For example.
Speaker B: On your LCD screen.
Speaker C: It could be such a little that you can click in and out and you have it.
Speaker E: Yeah, we should keep that simple too.
Speaker B: But should it really be clickable?
Speaker B: No, maybe.
Speaker B: No, it's really integrated.
Speaker B: Just integrate in the right to make it more trendy.
Speaker E: You said like this, you can watch something like on some radios in the car.
Speaker E: You're walking...
Speaker F: Are the answers to something?
Speaker B: That's of course a bit more expensive than the basic calculator design.
Speaker B: But there's a scrolling text and that kind of thing.
Speaker C: I think it's just a script that keeps it rolling.
Speaker C: It's five minutes of implementing time.
Speaker C: Five minutes, yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah, for programming.
Speaker F: So I don't think that's the issue.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: Alright.
Speaker F: Alright.
Speaker C: We go with LCD.
Speaker C: Well, I think so, yes.
Speaker E: We still need to know how much that will cost.
Speaker F: I don't know if I can find that.
Speaker E: No, maybe you'll get that information.
Speaker C: We can use this board again, I think.
Speaker C: We can put some decisions about the controls we want, the issue with it.
Speaker C: Where's my presentation?
Speaker F: I understand which.
Speaker F: We should have a general idea of how it's going to look.
Speaker C: Well, we are here now, I think.
Speaker C: These I've already given you, so we have to decide on the different remote control functions.
Speaker C: So we want to have a small LCD screen.
Speaker C: That's special.
Speaker B: Shouldn't we start with the most important part?
Speaker B: LCD screen.
Speaker B: Alright, we should start with the power button.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: How do you zap?
Speaker F: You just sit in your chair.
Speaker A: Huh?
Speaker E: With the LCD screen on top, it gets a bit terrible.
Speaker E: It's terrible.
Speaker E: Because most remote have some space left at the bottom.
Speaker F: Yeah, but that's where your hand form might be.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker B: And then...
Speaker F: We'll try to...
Speaker B: Maybe we should centralize the discussion here.
Speaker B: I don't know what you're talking about.
Speaker F: We're basically with something.
Speaker F: Yeah, right.
Speaker F: He thinks it's better to put LCD at the bottom.
Speaker B: Why do you think it's better at the bottom?
Speaker E: Well, because most remotes have some space left at the bottom.
Speaker E: That way you can keep the shape recognizable.
Speaker E: Sure.
Speaker B: But you just can put the whole interface a bit down to the test.
Speaker B: Really?
Speaker F: I think that the LCD is like small.
Speaker F: It's white.
Speaker F: It's not high.
Speaker F: Well, I think Mike has a point.
Speaker C: When I use a remote, I hate the buttons at the bottom.
Speaker C: Bottom.
Speaker C: Bottom.
Speaker C: And I like to use them once.
Speaker A: On the top.
Speaker C: When I have to...
Speaker C: Well, I agree with you.
Speaker C: It's also more recognizable.
Speaker B: It looks more like a calculator to people.
Speaker B: If you have the...
Speaker B: Yes, but we don't want that.
Speaker B: So, I think that's a good thing.
Speaker B: I think that's a good thing.
Speaker B: You have the...
Speaker C: We don't want that.
Speaker C: We don't want them to look like a calculator.
Speaker C: It must be a remote.
Speaker C: Like our original.
Speaker B: Well, you don't have to throw an important aspect, like familiarity completely away.
Speaker C: I think it's a bit lighter.
Speaker B: I think it's still important to have it at the top.
Speaker F: It's more familiar that way.
Speaker F: When I draw here, it's a bit off.
Speaker C: A little bit.
Speaker C: It needs to be calibrated.
Speaker C: Let's talk about that later.
Speaker B: Maybe you should not append.
Speaker B: Maybe that's better.
Speaker B: It's special now.
Speaker F: We have to make a decision now.
Speaker F: We don't have much time.
Speaker F: I think we have a few functions.
Speaker F: We can put the LCD above it.
Speaker F: We still have lots of room at the bottom.
Speaker C: I think it should be at the bottom.
Speaker C: I'm the designer.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: I just agree.
Speaker F: We're too fierce too.
Speaker C: What if we first decide the different functions
Speaker D: and then look at the design?
Speaker B: We were busy with that. We should summon the different aspects of the thing.
Speaker B: We have the power button.
Speaker F: I think that you two should come to consensus about the LCD.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: It's your job.
Speaker F: Yeah, of course.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We have a power button, guys.
Speaker B: Are you have to agree?
Speaker B: I can say it's like this.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker B: We have a power button,
Speaker C: a setting button, LCD window, the number buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah.
Speaker B: Volume.
None: Volume control.
Speaker B: Yes.
None: Let's look at the data.
Speaker B: Let's look at your design.
Speaker C: The mute button.
Speaker C: I love that one.
Speaker E: I think we should use something like this.
Speaker E: To the general up and general down button.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, that's the exposure design.
Speaker E: The design's role also.
Speaker B: On this remote, these controls are for something else.
Speaker E: Yes, they are for some video drops on these buttons.
Speaker F: You should put that power button channel and volume should have the most importance.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think this should be in one big circle in the middle.
Speaker F: Yeah, but what he said about RZ was kind of true.
Speaker F: When you put them all in the same place, the most used buttons, you're doing the same thing all the time.
Speaker F: That's just what RZ is all about.
Speaker F: So it might be smarter to put them a little more apart away from each other.
Speaker C: So people have to move their hand and they get less complaints of RZ.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's also not good to completely stay in one position constantly when one ends.
Speaker B: That's what I always do because all my important buttons are in the same place.
Speaker B: Good to move from time to time.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: People don't like it when their buttons are all over the place.
Speaker B: No, no, it would be sent.
Speaker B: We have to choose a frequency for button use.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: Channels are most used within the hour.
Speaker F: You can see the channel buttons should be far apart.
Speaker F: I think.
Speaker F: Open down.
Speaker F: I've been down far apart from each other.
Speaker F: You're thinking about RZ.
Speaker F: Well, not too much.
Speaker A: Look at that.
Speaker E: Not too much, but the other two frustrations are far more important.
Speaker B: I think you can have the two buttons up and down close together, but you don't have to have volume control.
Speaker C: Well, for example, the power button.
Speaker E: You can, well, they're used for time to go away.
Speaker C: If someone is constantly zapping, it's not going to miss that the power button is not right beside because someone...
Speaker C: I don't need to be...
Speaker C: So that one can be put away.
Speaker F: Yeah, right.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: The power button can be...
Speaker E: Power button should be left at the top.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Oh, man, five minutes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: Well, five minutes left.
Speaker F: Just make some decisions.
Speaker F: Yep.
Speaker F: The most important things we have to...
Speaker C: How are we going to do it with the game makers?
Speaker B: We can use the drawing board now.
Speaker B: I think it doesn't work well, but...
Speaker B: Well, I think it's pretty nice if we could just draw a simple...
Speaker B: I do think we have to take two seconds.
Speaker B: You have to take two seconds.
Speaker F: You have to take two seconds.
Speaker F: You decide that, you decide that.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: All right.
Speaker C: Well, the LCD...
Speaker C: You are industrial.
Speaker C: You are user interface.
Speaker C: So I think it's going to go to Mike.
Speaker C: But you will have to make consensus with...
Speaker C: Well...
Speaker E: Well, consensus.
Speaker E: Well, it's a bit hard because we're going to be individually.
Speaker C: That's a bit...
Speaker C: We're deciding now.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: Top of the bottom.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, I still think it's quite important.
Speaker B: Yes, it is.
Speaker B: We have it at top, so...
Speaker D: You say familiarity is important, but...
Speaker C: Well, what if we're going to now decide about the functions and the design comes into the next round?
Speaker C: OK.
Speaker C: But the design round is still to come, eh?
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: These functions...
Speaker C: We agree we do have LCD, so...
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: That's all right.
Speaker C: That's...
Speaker C: The number function.
Speaker C: That's enough.
Speaker C: Are we going to do it like on Mike's screen with one button that says I'm going to do two numbers.
Speaker C: Two number of digital?
Speaker E: No.
Speaker C: How do you want it to do then?
Speaker C: There's one to three, four, five, six.
Speaker C: It has to recognize one as...
Speaker C: There can still come more.
Speaker E: No, if you...
Speaker E: Almost...
Speaker E: If you press two numbers shortly after each other.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: It recognizes it.
Speaker D: So no button for that.
Speaker C: That's very easy.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: OK.
Speaker C: Anyone, any other functionalities of our...
Speaker B: Remote, I think these are the most important things you'll have to picture over there.
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: Show.
Speaker F: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker F: You do need the...
Speaker F: Milk or...
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: Like this one.
Speaker F: You doing it?
Speaker F: No, we didn't.
Speaker C: No, we didn't.
Speaker F: No, we didn't.
Speaker F: Are we?
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: No, OK.
Speaker C: Well, because we can integrate it with any other...
Speaker C: Remotes all those buttons on those pictures are irrelevant.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So just for a television, is that all we need?
Speaker F: Yeah, it's most useful this way.
Speaker B: It is heavy-breathing function.
Speaker C: The A-text is gone.
Speaker C: So all those buttons that are to do with A-text...
Speaker C: Oh, screen placing.
Speaker C: You have those buttons about...
Speaker C: And there's two important buttons we're forgetting.
Speaker C: There's a screen.
Speaker C: You can make it wider and less wide.
Speaker C: And the button that you can go to for your video.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: I do think we have to put that underneath the clip.
Speaker D: Those two, but it's just two.
Speaker D: And we make a...
Speaker B: Just two under a...
Speaker B: That's a bit...
Speaker E: We can make a little row of like four buttons down here.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Or...
Speaker C: At the top.
Speaker C: Your LCD scan is going to go.
Speaker B: You can put two or three buttons under another section.
Speaker B: That's too complicated.
Speaker B: You can just put it somewhere.
Speaker B: They aren't used much.
Speaker B: Not as much as those other.
Speaker B: You can put it somewhere...
Speaker B: They can be smaller around.
Speaker B: Yeah, a bit smaller.
Speaker B: And I think more at the bottom.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Or at the top.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker B: Those buttons.
Speaker B: About four.
Speaker B: I think they should.
Speaker C: In an isolated part of the remote.
Speaker B: And where?
Speaker B: Well, we have it.
Speaker B: And we design later where everything goes.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Well, any other...
Speaker F: Well, if you...
Speaker C: Why don't you video?
Speaker C: If you...
Speaker C: Go to video.
Speaker C: That's always on your remote control.
Speaker C: Yeah, but you have the...
Speaker C: You have the...
Speaker C: The video channel.
Speaker F: The 80.
Speaker A: That's just zero.
Speaker A: Zero.
Speaker E: No, not always.
Speaker B: Not a...
Speaker B: Not a...
Speaker B: Zero is a different channel than the video channel.
Speaker B: Yeah, but you can...
Speaker F: Yeah, but when you step down zero, you get to AFI.
Speaker F: Yes, I think that...
Speaker C: I don't.
Speaker C: I go to 99.
Speaker C: Then you press 99.
Speaker E: But I think go to video with...
Speaker E: That's the button.
Speaker B: But it's easy to go...
Speaker B: If you are at a channel 55 and you want to go immediately to the video channel, you have to push A to...
Speaker B: Now you can go to zero.
Speaker B: Zero.
Speaker B: More easy to get to...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: But the specific...
Speaker C: A video channel.
Speaker C: I use it.
Speaker F: Yeah, but if we're choosing to incorporate these buttons, you have to have a channel setting.
Speaker F: If you have a new TV, you have to set the channels.
Speaker F: All these different buttons.
Speaker C: Even though I don't have buttons for channels, especially on my remote.
Speaker C: Yeah, well, it's different.
Speaker C: More great settings.
Speaker C: Plus and down.
Speaker C: Now you...
Speaker E: You have one button from...
Speaker E: Set frequency or something.
Speaker E: And with plus and minus, you can adjust the...
Speaker F: That's the only one we put in there.
Speaker C: So we should have one for...
Speaker C: For screen...
Speaker F: Channel setting.
Speaker F: Yeah, to...
Speaker B: Yeah, of course, to configure the...
Speaker B: Oh, okay button.
Speaker C: Oh, you're always in the center, an okay button.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: For your menu.
Speaker C: Menu button.
Speaker C: You should...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think that's important.
Speaker B: Channel setting...
Speaker B: Blue.
Speaker B: And settings to change the brightness.
Speaker B: The settings to change the brightness and the contrast.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Channel.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: G.
Speaker D: Safe.
None: G.
Speaker B: Yes, say.
Speaker B: The menu button is also important.
Speaker B: Yes, I have to put it in.
Speaker B: Well...
Speaker B: I don't see it.
Speaker B: Here.
Speaker E: Oh, menu.
Speaker E: I think things like contrast and brightness should be...
Speaker E: In the menu.
Speaker E: In the menu, yeah.
Speaker B: And you can adjust it with the second buttons or something.
Speaker B: Yeah, the...
Speaker B: Because the second buttons are used then, if you are in the menu.
Speaker C: Guys, we're going to...
Speaker C: We're going to go to our rooms and we'll have to decide our things on our own, I think.
Speaker C: Great.
Speaker C: So, Chief.
None: All right.
Speaker F: Well, see you.
Speaker F: We have lunch time, by the way.
Speaker C: Now...
Speaker F: I'm hungry.
Speaker B: Lunch.
Speaker F: Gotten to my belly.
Speaker C: We didn't exactly do everything, man.
Speaker C: And how many pows is sticking to?
Speaker E: See you later, right?
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: We don't have any clothes in there.
Speaker C: We have clothes in here.
Speaker C: Hey?
None: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: We have clothes in here.
Speaker C: We have a presentation in here.
None: We have a presentation in here.
