Speaker D: Just received a little beep.
Speaker D: I don't know what it was.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Now good afternoon.
Speaker D: This is our third meeting already.
Speaker D: I hope you enjoyed your lunch.
Speaker D: I did anyway.
Speaker D: Let's see.
Speaker D: Presentation three.
Speaker D: Okay. This is the second phase we're going to discuss today.
Speaker D: It's the conceptual design meeting and a few points of interest in this meeting.
Speaker D: Are the conceptual specification of components, conceptual specification of design, and also trend watching.
Speaker D: These are hopefully the points you addressed in your presentations.
Speaker D: You're going to show me in a few minutes.
Speaker D: But first, I'll show you the agenda.
Speaker D: First the opening.
Speaker D: Then we have three presentations. After that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts.
Speaker D: Are we going to make it? And then we're closing. We have about 40 minutes.
Speaker D: So I suggest let's get started.
Speaker D: Did someone encounter any problems during the preparation?
Speaker D: No. Everything fine. It's nice.
Speaker D: Then a little thing about the last meeting.
Speaker D: These are the points we agreed on. The requirements and the target market.
Speaker D: Our requirements are data text, docking station, audio signal, small screen with some extra button information.
Speaker D: And we're going to use default materials.
Speaker D: Does somebody have any comments on these requirements?
Speaker D: No. These are just the things we thought of.
Speaker D: So maybe if you figured something else or thought of something else, just let me know.
Speaker D: Maybe you can work it out.
Speaker D: And we're going to target the 60 to 80 year old customers.
Speaker D: So now everybody knows what we're doing.
Speaker D: I suggest let's get started with the presentations.
Speaker D: So should we keep the same line up last time?
Speaker D: Sure. Okay. I'll start off now. Good luck.
Speaker B: I'm going to inform you about the trend watching I've done over the past few days.
Speaker B: We've done some market research. We distributed some more on cats, questionnaires.
Speaker B: And besides that, I deployed some trend watchers to Milan and Paris to, well, get a hold of the news trends.
Speaker B: And I've consulted some additional trend watchers after the original trend watchers return about what the best design would be.
Speaker B: Okay. These are some overall findings.
Speaker B: The most important thing is the fancy design. The research indicated that that was by far the most important factor.
Speaker B: Inovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design. By inovativeness, this means functions which are not featured in other remote controls.
Speaker B: And half as important as the inovativeness was easy to use.
Speaker B: For our group, we're focusing on the people of 60 to 80 years old.
Speaker B: These factors are slightly more equal.
Speaker B: Okay. These are some more group specific findings. The older people prefer dark colors.
Speaker B: They like recognizable shapes and familiar material and our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people.
Speaker B: This image will give you a little bit of an impression about the look and feel that the remote should have.
Speaker B: This leads us to some personal preferences. The remote control and the docking station should blend in the room.
Speaker B: This would mean no eye-catching designs. Just keep it simple.
Speaker B: The docking station and the small screen would be your main points of interest because this would be the inovativeness in the remote control.
Speaker B: This would be very important that we at least include these features.
Speaker B: The trend watchers I consulted advised that remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped.
Speaker B: You could imagine that remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station.
Speaker B: This is pretty much a new shape to older people. They would prefer a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station.
Speaker B: It would be more telephone-shaped. Besides that, we would advise to bring two additions.
Speaker B: One with a wood-like color and maybe feel. One with a gray-black color.
Speaker B: The wood-like for the more exclusive people, people with more money. The gray-black color for well.
Speaker B: People with less means. That would be all.
Speaker D: Okay. Thank you.
Speaker D: Any questions?
Speaker D: I'll go to the next one.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: This is some research about designing of interface.
Speaker A: Last meeting we had about using a few buttons.
Speaker A: That's what I want to do in our design.
Speaker A: I found a way to control the remote control.
Speaker A: I found something about speech recognition. Maybe we can use that.
Speaker A: Yeah. And using a little display.
Speaker A: I found some of the findings.
Speaker A: Just to focus on the primary functions.
Speaker A: So only buttons for sound.
Speaker A: For one of shifting up again in the channel or that shifting down.
Speaker A: We need some new interactive functions which attract people for using it.
Speaker A: Like speech recognition.
Speaker A: And a special button for selecting a sub-title.
Speaker A: And overall user-friendly.
Speaker A: It's possible to make a quite cheap system for speech recognition.
Speaker A: You can think about when you lost your remote control.
Speaker A: You can call it and give it a sync.
Speaker A: And for shifting up a channel or for putting out a sound or something.
Speaker A: You can just give a sound off.
Speaker A: And the elevation of the sound off.
Speaker A: I was thinking about a special button for subtitles.
Speaker A: Just one button to keep it simple.
Speaker A: One push on the button.
Speaker A: You get small subtitles.
Speaker A: Double push.
Speaker A: Double click.
Speaker A: You get big subtitles for people.
Speaker A: Which can read smaller subtitles.
Speaker A: We have to keep in general buttons.
Speaker A: The buttons we have to use, the sound higher and lower.
Speaker A: The general button, more one button for shifting down a channel.
Speaker A: Also we want to use a little display for displaying the functions of the buttons.
Speaker A: We can build in a function which shows the channel.
Speaker A: A little picture of it.
Speaker A: We can put on off button in this corner.
Speaker A: All remote controls are using on off button on the place.
Speaker A: People will recognize the button.
Speaker A: This display of it is just a small display.
Speaker A: We can put it on top.
Speaker A: It is the most place where people most often look at.
Speaker A: A special button for shifting up and shifting down a channel.
Speaker A: On the top of the button, you can easily shift up or shift down.
Speaker A: Quite any place.
Speaker A: All the functions for subtitle.
Speaker A: We have to discuss about the form of it.
Speaker D: That's it.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker C: The components design for the energy source, we can use a basic battery or as an optional thing, a kinetic energy like in a watch which you just shake and it produces energy.
Speaker C: If we choose for that option, the docking station would become obsolete.
Speaker C: I don't think it's really an option.
Speaker C: For the casing, the manufacturing department can deliver flat casing, single or double curved casing.
Speaker C: It's really up to the design that we're going to use.
Speaker C: It doesn't imply any technical restrictions.
Speaker C: As a case supplement, I thought of that later.
Speaker C: A rubber belt like anti-slip.
Speaker C: For the buttons, we can use plastic or rubber.
Speaker C: The chipset, it's as simple here, but it should be advanced because we're using an LCD screen.
Speaker C: As the trend watch presentation showed, people like wood, but it raises the price and it doesn't really fit the image unless we would start to product lines.
Speaker C: The form should follow function overall.
Speaker C: The kinetic energy source is rather fancy, but it depends on what we want.
Speaker C: I think we should discuss that.
Speaker C: For the case, the supplement and the buttons really depends on the designer and the chipset really should be advanced because otherwise it would really be a simple remote control.
Speaker C: That's it.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: That brings us to the discussion about our concepts.
Speaker D: These are the points we have to discuss.
Speaker D: First, I think we can talk about the energy source since it has a pretty big influence on production price and image.
Speaker D: First of all, we have to see it is possible to introduce kinetic energy.
Speaker C: There are four options.
Speaker C: We could use the basic normal battery, a hand dynamo, but I don't think that's really an option.
Speaker C: We don't want to swing before you can watch television.
Speaker C: Solar shells, but not every room is very light, so it's not a very good option, or the kinetic
None: energy. How exactly does the kinetic energy work?
Speaker B: You basically shake your remote and then it powers up.
Speaker B: Personally, I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker B: Besides that, you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete.
Speaker B: I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we could get great popularity for our product.
Speaker A: What's the function for allowing the batteries?
Speaker B: Yeah, you could load up batteries.
Speaker B: You could insert, find a lost remote control function in there.
Speaker A: I won't use much energy, I believe, just a small display, so I believe it will run on one battery for six months or more.
Speaker A: I believe one battery is just enough.
Speaker D: Well, I think elderly people just like to have everything in place, and I don't think they like remote, just laying everywhere in their rooms.
Speaker D: Maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place.
Speaker D: Also, what you said, you can introduce a voice recognition by finding back-ear remote, but I think it's more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station.
Speaker D: You can put a little bit of a button on your docking station, which you can push, and then it starts beeping.
Speaker D: We can still use the voice recognition, but maybe then for only the channels.
Speaker B: I'm wondering, what will the voice recognition mean for the production price?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's a good point.
Speaker C: I don't have any informational pricing, so I'll have to ask the manufacturing department.
Speaker B: In our earlier market research, if you would allow me to push in the front board.
Speaker B: Go ahead.
Speaker B: So it was open here.
Speaker B: We also asked if people would pay more for speed recognition in a remote control.
Speaker B: You can see here our target group would not do that.
Speaker B: If they would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control, I would greatly advise not to do it.
Speaker B: I think it would be better to insert in our other product that is meant for the younger
Speaker C: people. That would also go for the LCD screen then, I guess.
Speaker C: It's a bit higher percentage.
Speaker B: Well, this is, yeah, but this is, here the question was, would you prefer it?
Speaker B: So that doesn't really mean they wouldn't pay extra for it.
Speaker B: And on top of that, the LCD screen would help in making the remote control easier to use.
Speaker B: Yeah, and I think the voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier
Speaker D: to use. No, I think that's a good point.
Speaker A: But as Richard about a large LCD display or just a small one, we want to use.
Speaker B: Well, this was for like an LCD screen like you would have on the most advanced mobile phones.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So pretty large.
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: I personally think the LCD screen we want to use with the extra information, I think nobody has anything against it because it's just some extra information and it's easy to ignore as well.
Speaker D: So if you don't want to use it, you just don't use it.
Speaker D: And yeah, I think maybe we have to discard the voice recognition because it will increase cost significantly.
Speaker D: And I don't think it will be a lot easier to use as well.
Speaker D: So that brings us back to the energy.
Speaker D: If we don't have voice recognition, it won't use a lot of energy to use.
Speaker D: So in that case, we could use kinetic energy.
Speaker D: But I think just a simple battery, which you can reload on a docking station, is just as good and much cheaper as well.
Speaker D: And that's the best choice.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Let me just choose for the battery.
Speaker D: That brings us to the chip.
Speaker C: Well, there isn't any choice there because we're using the display.
Speaker C: So it's got to be advanced.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: That's fun.
Speaker D: Chip.
Speaker D: And then we get to the point of the case, which brings us a little bit back to marketing as well.
Speaker D: If you want to choose for wood or the black and gray or both.
Speaker D: As we saw, there is not, yeah, wood is a lot more expensive to produce.
Speaker D: But I think it will attract elderly people who want to have something exclusive, which they can show up to their grandkids.
Speaker D: Got a new remote control.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker B: I think the most important factor there is the wooden collar.
Speaker B: So it wouldn't actually have to be wood.
Speaker B: Yeah, if it's just, that's right.
Speaker B: Wood-colored.
Speaker D: Wood-colored was a lot more expensive.
Speaker D: Or?
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker C: You don't know.
Speaker C: I'll have to.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker C: Because, yeah.
Speaker D: Probably.
Speaker D: It's a lot more difficult to handle and to get in the right shape.
Speaker A: It's possible to make changeable.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: You've got mobile phones.
Speaker A: Like Nokia mobile phones.
Speaker A: When you can change the case of it.
Speaker A: So it's the case.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Maybe it's possible.
Speaker A: Possibility.
Speaker A: So you have just to make one standard remote control.
Speaker A: And you can sell a few.
Speaker D: You can sell the case.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think that's a very good option.
Speaker D: Because then you can advertise as well with the give your grandfather a new case for his remote control or whatever.
Speaker D: Because it's something extra.
Speaker D: It's something other remotes don't have.
Speaker D: Which we can get a greater advantage point.
Speaker D: So and then you can make a smooth collar, black and gray.
Speaker D: Other colors as well.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So you can put carefully into the design though.
Speaker B: Because we would have to make one control which would fit in with a wooden cover and a plastic cover or original one.
Speaker B: Or standard one.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: So you suggest we should design two different telephones.
Speaker D: Or we can supply.
Speaker D: But remote control.
Speaker D: Which you can apply different case covers.
Speaker D: Well no.
Speaker B: For example.
Speaker B: We should just we should then just design one remote.
Speaker B: But it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: But that shouldn't be too much of a problem.
Speaker D: So everybody's okay with the changing covers.
Speaker D: That's a good option.
Speaker D: Changing case covers.
Speaker B: I heard our industrial designer talk about flat single and double curved.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Could you explain that a little more?
Speaker C: Well the general like most older remotes are flat just straight.
Speaker C: And are the manufacturing department can also do they have a single curved or double curved cases.
Speaker C: And would single curves and double curved mean?
Speaker C: It would just only affect the form for far as I know.
Speaker C: So it's really just up to the design department what we're going to use.
Speaker C: It doesn't really matter for the price or the functionality.
Speaker B: So we can pretty much just pick one you like.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That's good.
Speaker D: But the form has to be it has to be possible to stand up or just only to let.
Speaker B: Just lay down.
Speaker D: And the cover of the docking station is also on top of the television then or not.
Speaker B: Well or besides it.
Speaker D: And you can just yeah click it in.
Speaker D: That's okay.
Speaker D: So the interface what type of interface do we want to use.
Speaker D: Maybe you can make a little drawing of it on the board.
Speaker D: Somebody have ideas for a form or?
Speaker A: We can just use the regular form of it but it's not quite fancy.
Speaker B: You said you wanted to put the changing channels button on the right side so your thumb would be easily.
Speaker B: Well I think that was a very good point because I pointed out earlier that a lot of remote caused air as I said it would be great for that.
Speaker B: I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both left and the right side.
Speaker B: For left handed users.
Speaker B: Also.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is it possible to program it so you've got on the left side or on the right side buttons for shifting open shifting up.
Speaker A: Now on the other side buttons for shifting for the sound.
Speaker B: Well that could.
Speaker B: Yeah we could do that but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the ease of use.
Speaker D: Yeah ease of use will be a lot more difficult than that.
Speaker B: If we would make changing channels and changing volume button on both sides so it certainly yield great options for the design of the remote.
Speaker B: Because it could be made all symmetrical and stuff.
Speaker D: Yeah but you have extra buttons so people can get confused.
Speaker B: That is true.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Especially if they have the same writing so not.
Speaker A: Especially or you have to make left.
Speaker A: Contemaker.
Speaker D: Contemaker remote which you can flip over and use on the same functions as the normal one.
Speaker A: You mean.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Blank one.
Speaker D: Then you get.
Speaker D: There is a little LCD screen.
Speaker D: Now I have to think.
Speaker D: It's a plus and a min.
Speaker D: No it's not very handy I think.
Speaker D: Because the plus and a min will be opposite and all kinds of.
Speaker D: No that's not going to work.
Speaker D: I guess.
Speaker D: Maybe you should.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But is it the problem that left handed persons use a different hand?
Speaker D: I think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with choosing a channel.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker A: It's just you think you're a thumb.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think we could just leave it in normal shape.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: But maybe we have to make it a bit more fancy in one another way.
Speaker C: I think we should start by choosing a case because that's the basis you're building on.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I could draw them out.
Speaker C: Let's get this flat case.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: From the side so.
Speaker C: Just right on normal.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The single girth so I'm not really sure what they're going to look like but I think it's something like this so this type should be better for you or better should prevent.
Speaker C: Better the straight injury a bit and the double girth looks something like this I guess.
Speaker C: So those are the three options we have.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I should just the single girth because maybe the girth is pretty good to put the screen in so that elderly people can use the remote control and at the same time look easily at the screen because it's a bit.
Speaker D: That's a bit of an angle.
Speaker A: You say it's.
Speaker A: You got like a belief.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So you want to put this play over here or not?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think so.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But now it's can make the upside down or do you have a.
Speaker A: Let's talk.
Speaker A: It's down.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Maybe it's possible to make this site like.
Speaker A: See.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Like so in the form of your hand.
Speaker A: So.
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: So the remote control I have to.
Speaker A: Lay in your hand so it's possible.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So get your mouse.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And the.
Speaker A: And the buttons for.
Speaker A: Changing the channel over here.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's a good one.
Speaker D: But I think it's better to put the screen on top.
Speaker D: So just flip it 180 degrees around.
Speaker A: And you get.
Speaker A: This place.
Speaker D: That's about here.
Speaker D: If you can have this one you turn it like this and then flip it upside down.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker D: Because maybe your hand is in the way if you have to display here.
Speaker C: It's more logical to have it on top as well because I think it's like on your mobile phone.
Speaker C: It's always a ball.
None: So.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: Maybe you should just start on a blank page.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So then we get.
Speaker D: This is the curve.
Speaker A: Life minutes.
Speaker D: And then we can.
Speaker D: And then the rest of the buttons over here.
Speaker A: But I'm the enough button still on the top.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I'd prefer the corners to be round.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Supplements.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: That's my mouse.
Speaker D: Then we've got the general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use.
Speaker D: So now for the next meeting we'll have to look at the look at field design.
Speaker D: It's important that the corporate design image is going to be in the remote.
Speaker D: So check out the corporate website maybe.
Speaker D: The user interface design is the same story and product evaluation.
Speaker D: So the industrial designer and user interface designer are going to work together on this one.
Speaker D: But you're going to get your instructions I think, send it by the coach.
Speaker D: So just I will put these minutes in the folder.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And then we're going to try to finish our project and make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers.
Speaker D: I think we should...
Speaker D: Let's see.
Speaker D: I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together or I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first.
Speaker D: And then you'll get a message.
Speaker D: So that's basically it.
Speaker D: Maybe this one.
Speaker D: And you can save this one in the folders group.
Speaker D: It's here.
Speaker D: Smartboard.
Speaker D: There it is.
Speaker D: So if you want to have a look at it, it's over there in the project folder.
Speaker D: And then I guess we will start in 30 minutes again.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: Good.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Right on time.
Speaker B: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
