None: ISoE recipeors Short battery and BOOM a bit at this point Thank you.
None: Thank you.
Speaker A: Then you have to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot.
None: All right.
None: Thank you for tuning.
Speaker A: It's important to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot over here.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: It's okay.
Speaker C: You used your mouth.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: No mouth needed.
Speaker B: I've got a touch pad.
Speaker B: Do you know how I can wake it up?
Speaker C: With touch pad?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: My laptop.
Speaker C: Slap it?
Speaker B: You with your brilliant ideas.
Speaker B: I don't know if I can touch the power button.
Speaker B: Do you know how I can wake it up?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Try the power button.
Speaker B: Come on, move it.
Speaker B: Now wake up, bitch.
Speaker C: F5.
Speaker C: F5, you've lost my screen.
Speaker B: Yes, so did I.
Speaker B: I closed it.
Speaker B: That wasn't very smart, I guess.
None: Come on.
Speaker D: Get back to me.
Speaker A: I closed it.
Speaker B: You've got your name?
Speaker B: My name is name.
Speaker B: I did not know if nothing happens.
None: Yes.
Speaker D: Hope if we're working.
None: All right.
Speaker C: Close your laptop.
Speaker A: Everybody's ready?
Speaker A: Great.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker A: Welcome to the kickoff meeting.
Speaker A: I forgot to put my name over here.
Speaker A: It's Martin.
Speaker A: So you all know.
Speaker A: This is the agenda for today.
Speaker A: The opening is what I'm doing right now.
Speaker A: We're going to do some acquaintance things.
Speaker A: Here are some examples of the tool training project plan discussion and closing.
Speaker A: We have 25 minutes.
Speaker A: The project aim is to design a new remote control.
Speaker A: Some of the objectives are that it has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly.
Speaker A: So now we all know what our goal is.
Speaker A: I forget the whole acquaintance part, but we all know each other.
Speaker A: We all know each other's names.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Contact.
Speaker A: Contact.
Speaker A: I think we've already been to that part.
Speaker A: Okay. It consists of three levels of design.
Speaker A: We begin with a functional design.
Speaker A: Then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design.
Speaker A: Every level of design consists of some individual work.
Speaker A: And we close it with a meeting.
Speaker A: You all receive an email with an example of our explanation of what a particular level of design means to the different functions.
Speaker A: You probably read that already.
Speaker A: I'll tell you about that.
Speaker A: Okay. First we're going to try some different things with the tools we have over here.
Speaker A: So you get acquainted with these meeting tools.
Speaker A: We have the smart boards.
Speaker A: Those two boards.
Speaker A: This is the presentation board, which I'm using right now.
Speaker A: There's a document folder called the share document folder.
Speaker A: You can upload your documents to that folder and then you can open them over here.
Speaker A: So you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen.
Speaker A: We also have the white board.
Speaker A: Can we skip the white board on our left?
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker C: I saw a screen of files.
Speaker A: Oh, well, probably.
Speaker A: I don't know if the software is on the left.
Speaker A: It's mainly your thing for in the meeting.
Speaker A: I don't know if it's important.
Speaker A: This is an explanation of the smart boards.
Speaker A: There's a tool bar over here.
Speaker A: It's quite simple.
Speaker A: You have the pen function, razor function.
Speaker A: It's like a very simple paint application.
Speaker A: We use the same file during the whole day.
Speaker A: You can make new sheets by pressing on the blank button.
Speaker A: It works like this.
Speaker A: The pen is selected.
Speaker C: Oh, no, no.
Speaker A: It's not working like a pen yet.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker A: Doing some stuff now.
Speaker A: You can use a pen.
Speaker A: You can use an eraser.
Speaker A: You can make new blanks.
Speaker A: You can change the line width and the color of the pen by pressing on forward.
Speaker A: Select pen format.
Speaker A: Select current color or line width.
Speaker A: It's quite easy.
Speaker A: Now you're all acquainted with different tools.
Speaker A: We're going to try out the electronic whiteboard.
Speaker A: Every participant should draw its favorite animal and some of its favorite characteristics.
Speaker A: On blank sheet with different colors with different pen widths.
Speaker A: I'll start off then.
Speaker A: I'll use this same sheet.
Speaker A: I think different colors.
Speaker A: I'm going to draw a perone.
Speaker C: I'll see you.
Speaker A: I'll show you some different color right now.
Speaker A: Looks like a fish.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker A: This is just useless drawings.
Speaker A: They're not supposed to be green or whatever color it is.
Speaker A: I have some of its favorite characteristics.
Speaker A: I like its razor sharp teeth.
Speaker A: I think it's the big forehead and the small actual face.
Speaker A: And I like its overall aggressive look.
Speaker A: And that's what I like about piranha.
Speaker A: I think that's kind of what the intention should be.
Speaker A: Well, it wants to be next.
Speaker B: Nobody, I guess.
Speaker C: Alg
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay. Then pen again.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: And so in the format menu you can choose the different
Speaker C: words and the format. Purple.
Speaker C: I don't know what my favorite animal is, but the easiest animal I can think of is a bird.
Speaker B: You know I thought of that actually.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's a little bit light.
Speaker C: Another color maybe.
Speaker C: A red one.
Speaker C: A small one.
Speaker C: Two.
Speaker C: Three.
Speaker A: That's another one.
Speaker A: I'll tell you something about your favorite characteristics of these particular words.
Speaker C: It's simplicity.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's the most simple animal I know.
Speaker C: There's a free and maybe in the sky or something like that.
Speaker C: Maybe a little bit.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: More birds?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: We'll get your point.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: What's it be next?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Whatever.
None: I'll go next.
Speaker B: Thanks.
Speaker B: I haven't got a favorite animal to sell.
Speaker B: Bictionary.
Speaker B: What should I draw?
Speaker B: I'll go.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: I'll draw a penguin.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'll draw a penguin.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: I can draw.
Speaker B: So you can start to laugh already.
Speaker B: Whatever.
None: Something like that.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker B: Orange.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: It's better than your bird.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: It's blue.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: I like its ugliness.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Whatever.
Speaker B: The way it walks or whatever.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Your turn.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: I'm drawing.
Speaker D: I'm going to draw a cat.
Speaker D: I don't know why, but cat is a very smart animal.
Speaker D: And you can have them at home.
Speaker D: Which is not a case with penguins.
Speaker A: You can have a piranha at home.
Speaker B: Or a lion.
Speaker B: I'm in a bird.
Speaker C: I'm messing with my bird.
Speaker D: It's not very good.
Speaker D: Very good.
Speaker C: I can see the cat.
Speaker A: I don't think Darwin would agree with that.
Speaker A: It's not a cat.
Speaker D: He's crying.
Speaker D: He's crying.
Speaker D: He's crying.
Speaker A: What do you like about it?
Speaker D: Most cats are small.
Speaker D: You can handle that.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I wouldn't call it training.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: This is something about the project finance.
Speaker A: The sending price of our remote control is going to be 25 euros.
Speaker A: And our profit aim is 15 million euros.
Speaker A: We're very ambitious on this one.
Speaker A: The market range is international, so it's going to be so worldwide.
Speaker A: And the production costs should be a maximum of 12 euro 50 per remote control.
Speaker A: So that's clear.
Speaker A: Yeah?
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: We're now going to discuss some stuff.
Speaker A: We're going to brainstorm about what kind of remote control is going to be.
Speaker A: Tell me about your experiences with remote controls.
Speaker A: Do you have good experiences with remote controls?
Speaker A: Do they annoy you sometimes?
Speaker A: Are they difficult to understand?
Speaker A: Maybe they don't interact with different kind of equipment very well?
Speaker B: I don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls, but if you see elderly people, all these buttons, and then they buy new TV because their previous one was stolen or whatever.
Speaker B: And then it's totally different from out control with different functions on different places.
Speaker B: And half of the functions are removed or whatever.
Speaker B: So I think what we need is a clear remote control with grouped buttons.
Speaker B: All the buttons which apply to the text functions in one area or whatever, not like the button to enter text on top of the remote control and the button to minimize it to this or whatever.
Speaker B: Other functions are totally somewhere else.
Speaker B: I think we should group them the same for the following buttons.
Speaker A: Is it going to be a remote control?
Speaker A: That's what it can be used for different kind of equipment like your TV and your stereo.
Speaker B: I was thinking since TV is mostly used together with a VCR or DVD player or recorder and not with stereo.
Speaker B: I think it should be good to include functions for VCRs and DVD players.
Speaker A: The DVD players and home cinema sets often double S stereo high-five sets probably.
Speaker A: That's what my experience is.
Speaker B: You know high-five set is not often used as I know of in combination with television.
Speaker B: But we're going to...
Speaker C: It's only for television.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: It is only for television.
Speaker C: Yes, it is only for television.
Speaker C: So we probably don't have to have to have to have functions for DVD players.
Speaker B: We're going to bring some about that.
Speaker B: If we think it's useful, we do it.
Speaker A: Where did you find that?
Speaker C: In the email.
Speaker C: That's right. It's a television route control.
Speaker B: I was thinking since in the video...
Speaker A: We have a most dedicated remote control support other functions as well.
Speaker A: We have to think about that.
Speaker A: But we've got to put some...
Speaker A: So user friendliness is a priority.
Speaker A: Yeah, else no one's going to buy it.
Speaker A: I guess.
Speaker A: I need experts.
Speaker A: Maybe there's some aspect of which we can excel by making it very useful.
Speaker A: Then you're the usability man.
Speaker A: So there's going to be a very important task for you then.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Well other ideas, how can we make it trendy or something?
Speaker A: Just shape and look at it.
Speaker D: Go with fashion.
Speaker A: Maybe a can opener underneath it.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: Or something special, like an MPD player inside of it.
Speaker A: Well then the production cost is going to be time.
Speaker C: Yeah, way too high.
Speaker C: I think we have to keep it simple to get a whole market.
Speaker C: It's international.
Speaker A: Maybe with different type of fronts or what must be something.
Speaker A: That's an idea of course.
Speaker A: In particular, which makes it...
Speaker A: We can skip back to the goals probably.
Speaker A: Original, trendly and user friendly.
Speaker A: We already talked about user friendliness.
Speaker A: Well, something trendy and original.
Speaker A: That goes hand in hand I guess.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: When something is original, tends to be trendy.
Speaker A: You should make a combination of that.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So the technical part of the process is something you're going to look after for.
Speaker A: So you have to think about what kind of equipment you want to manage with it.
Speaker A: Well, that's an important part for you then.
Speaker A: With regards to the user friendly part of it.
Speaker A: Well, you should look out for what makes it trendy.
Speaker A: Well, you know, like some special future or something.
Speaker A: Did it get some gadgetness or something?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: What the market wishes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, closing.
Speaker A: Next meeting starts in 30 minutes.
Speaker A: Individual acting, the industrial designer will...
Speaker A: The working design, of course.
Speaker A: Already said that.
Speaker A: The user interface designer...
Speaker A: Is it user interface?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Technical functions design.
Speaker A: And the management expert...
Speaker A: The marketing expert user requirements, especially well.
Speaker A: That's what was already clear to us.
Speaker A: Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach.
Speaker A: I don't know how much time we have left.
Speaker A: Not many, I guess.
Speaker A: We started at 12.
Speaker A: You just got a message.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: And what does it say?
Speaker B: And it's sad.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: Five minutes.
Speaker B: So we got four and a half.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, I didn't get a message.
Speaker B: No.
None: He's the...
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: The team leader.
Speaker B: Team leader.
Speaker A: I had a schedule then.
Speaker A: He is the whatever.
Speaker A: We close it.
Speaker A: I'm going to make some minutes or take some minutes.
Speaker A: And it's clear you can put stuff in the project documents, presentations.
Speaker B: Project documents is shown on the whiteboard.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We're all familiar with Microsoft PowerPoint.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker A: We're going to write some stuff down and then we're ready.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, we can leave already, I guess.
Speaker A: Should we...
Speaker A: Or is it important that we leave it to exact the...
Speaker D: No.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Go ahead.
Speaker A: We'll see each other in 30 minutes.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Good luck.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Good luck.
Speaker B: I won't need it.
Speaker B: I won't need it.
None: I'll be right back.
None: I'll be right back.
None: I'll be right back.
None: I'll be right back.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Good luck.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: Well, I'm going to make some more minutes.
