Speaker A: Good morning.
Speaker A: Good morning.
Speaker A: I see you all find your places.
Speaker A: Everybody sitting on the right place.
Speaker A: I guess so.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: First I'll introduce myself.
Speaker A: I don't know if everybody knows me.
Speaker A: I'm Bart.
Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker A: Bart.
Speaker A: Hello.
Speaker A: Hey, Bart.
Speaker A: Welcome.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: Let's start off with a little presentation.
Speaker A: First I'll tell you a little bit about the setting.
Speaker A: You can see a few cameras here.
Speaker A: They'll record our actions.
Speaker A: And you'll have wires and microphones.
Speaker A: They will record your voice.
Speaker A: There are also some microphones there.
Speaker A: But you don't have to pay a lot of attention on those because it will disappear when you don't intend to do it.
Speaker A: So this is our project documents folder.
Speaker A: There are some notes in it already.
Speaker A: I see some documents.
Speaker A: I'll start with the presentation kick off.
Speaker A: I'm being modified by the administrator.
Speaker A: Let's do it redonely.
Speaker A: Well, I don't know if you've noticed, but we're working for real reaction.
Speaker A: It's a company in electronics.
Speaker A: We put fashion in electronics.
Speaker A: We make it work.
Speaker A: We put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself.
Speaker A: We put it in the project manager.
Speaker A: So I'll direct you through the project.
Speaker A: This is our agenda.
Speaker A: We have our opening of Queensland's tool training project plan discussion closing.
Speaker A: Maybe I can sit down.
Speaker A: Then I can take some notes.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while.
Speaker A: I don't know if it's not a lot of work.
Speaker A: If you hear something, you can write it down.
Speaker A: You can see it's the opening of Queensland's tools.
Speaker A: Queensland's is the point we've done a bit.
Speaker A: Have you all seen the corporate website already?
Speaker A: Have you seen any flaws in it?
Speaker A: I think I found one.
Speaker B: I paid much attention to it.
Speaker A: I see if it works.
Speaker A: No problem.
Speaker A: On the corporate information side, there was real remote instead of real reaction.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: Real remote is not really the company we are, but it's just a little.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: What are we going to do?
Speaker A: Our project aim is, as you can see, a new remote control.
Speaker A: It has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly.
Speaker A: So these are the points we also hired you.
Speaker A: We've got the marketing expert for the trendy and user-friendly look.
Speaker A: And in this real designer, there's also user-friendly and a bit original.
Speaker A: And we've got our user interface designer.
Speaker A: That's about the new remote control.
Speaker A: Our project method is, there are three phases we're going through.
Speaker A: The first is functional design, individual work meetings.
Speaker A: After the functional design, then the conceptual design and the detailed design, I had some role indications on here.
Speaker A: But I think you know it already by yourself.
Speaker A: The industrial designer is going to work on the working design, the components design, and a bit of the look and feel design.
Speaker A: The user interface designer is going to do the technical function design, user interface concept, and user interface design.
Speaker A: And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirements, specification, trend watching, and product evaluation.
Speaker A: So that's a bit what you're going to do.
Speaker A: That will be all worked out in other meetings.
Speaker A: Then we've got our first tool training.
Speaker A: We're going to work with a lot of high-tech tools here.
Speaker A: So it's handy if we have a little bit of training first.
Speaker A: As you can see, we've got the smart boards here and here, and the white boards.
Speaker A: In the whiteboard here, there's a little toolbar on this side.
Speaker A: Here are some functions.
Speaker A: You can save these functions.
Speaker A: We don't have anything to do with.
Speaker A: Only undo.
Speaker A: You can undo a little piece of drawing, a blank new document for each person, select a pen, razor, capture redone, they have to do anything with.
Speaker A: Then we've got our pen, this pen.
Speaker A: It's really funny because you can draw with it on this page.
Speaker A: In the thing, it is formal.
Speaker A: You can also select the current color and the line width.
Speaker A: With that first, you have to select the pen function.
Speaker A: But we're going to work with it in a minute.
Speaker A: That's very simple and it's easy to draw your findings and drawings in there.
Speaker A: Then a short thing about documents.
Speaker A: We've got our shared folder, project document, I think.
Speaker A: But all of you have all found it already because there are a lot of documents in it already, and these are available on the smartboards as well.
Speaker A: If you have a document you want to show, just open it from the folder.
Speaker A: Here is the simple toolbar.
Speaker A: It's what I just said, it's safe, print, move back or forward one page.
Speaker A: You can switch between the different drawings.
Speaker A: Then we're going to try out the whiteboard.
Speaker A: As you can see, we're going to draw an animal.
Speaker A: Just to get a bit familiar with it.
Speaker A: I'm not supposed to run away.
Speaker A: Is anybody playing with the mouse?
Speaker A: We're going to draw an animal.
Speaker A: Just sum up a few of its favorite characteristics.
Speaker A: The only thing we have to look after is that we use different colors and different line with this.
Speaker A: I can start from there.
Speaker A: You can use this pen by holding it like a little child because if you hold it like this, the sensors will get blocked and the drawing won't get good.
Speaker A: Another thing is you have to be a bit slow because if you're going to draw it really fast, then the pen won't hold up.
Speaker A: We choose four month.
Speaker A: Current color, I think gray is appropriate.
Speaker A: Then the line width, I think seven will be nice.
Speaker A: Now you'll see my drawing capabilities.
Speaker A: It means another very much.
Speaker A: You have to do it real slow.
Speaker A: I'm trying to draw a dolphin.
Speaker A: I'm thinking about a short fish.
Speaker A: We've got another function.
Speaker A: You can do this easily.
Speaker A: I've got to write down a few of its characteristics.
Speaker A: You've got no text tool?
Speaker A: This is typically a new action.
Speaker A: Maybe I have to hold it a bit upside down.
Speaker A: I think that's it because if you want to do it like this, it will be a stripe.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: This is not my work.
Speaker A: I think it wants to draw another animal.
Speaker A: It lives for the fin.
Speaker A: It's my characteristic about the dolphin.
Speaker A: Now I'm going to hand over the pen on a new blank sheet to you.
Speaker B: I'm going to draw a black.
Speaker B: I'm not an artist, but here we go.
Speaker A: It's easier to draw with a smaller line.
Speaker A: I did.
Speaker B: I'm not an artist.
Speaker B: Okay, this is my, um, cheap.
Speaker A: It's nice with, of course.
Speaker B: Blue dot they always get sprayed on their butts.
Speaker A: It's a real dead sheep.
Speaker A: Yeah, recognition.
Speaker A: Maybe you can also write your name somewhere.
Speaker B: They are.
None: Come on.
Speaker B: Let's go really slow when you're writing.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: They're brilliant animals.
Speaker B: And that's just a little me thing.
Speaker B: So, I guess I'll pass the pen to her.
Speaker B: Okay, let's use her interface.
Speaker B: I'm just going to add her to her head.
Speaker B: Let's see.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Sweet.
Speaker B: You know what other it is?
Speaker B: Garfule.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, I'll just try something else.
Speaker B: Something different than Garfule.
Speaker B: I'm a little bit more skinny.
Speaker A: This is your kid.
Speaker A: Did you find him on the street?
Speaker B: Well, it's supposed to be a cat.
Speaker B: I like cats because they are, uh, independent.
Speaker B: So, okay.
Speaker A: That's pretty clear.
Speaker A: So, everybody knows how to work with the whiteboard now.
Speaker A: So, if you have any ideas or if you want to draw anything on the whiteboard, you can go ahead.
Speaker A: We're being home.
Speaker A: So, we've got the tool introduction.
Speaker A: Move along to the project finance.
Speaker A: As you can see, we, for a remote control, selling price is 25 euros, our selling price.
Speaker A: Our profit aim is 50 million euros.
Speaker A: That's the least we have to get from our remote controls.
Speaker A: So, we have to work together to reach our aims.
Speaker A: We can do it international.
Speaker A: So, we have to focus on different kind of users, different kind of cultures and different kind of trends as well.
Speaker A: But that's all in the later stadium.
Speaker A: Our production cost, um, can be maximal 12 and a half euros.
Speaker A: So, that's also a point we have to keep in mind that we won't make remote controls with small televisions inside and stuff like that.
Speaker A: So, we're going to do a little bit of work.
Speaker A: So, just try to remember these points.
Speaker A: Selling price is 25 profit aims, 50 million, but more important is the international market we're trying to focus on.
Speaker A: And production costs maximal 12 and a half euros.
Speaker A: So, that leads us to our little discussion.
Speaker A: So, I'm going to sit down and think.
Speaker A: It's easier.
Speaker A: I've got a message.
Speaker A: Five minutes.
Speaker A: Okay, that's a good timing.
Speaker B: So, just on the side now, why is it my laptop is only giving me a black screen?
Speaker A: Maybe you have to say the magic word.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Does it do anything?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Maybe you have to just clap it down.
Speaker A: Back up again.
Speaker B: It's off.
Speaker A: It's off.
Speaker A: I have to put it back.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It'll be okay.
Speaker B: Well, it was on.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's those laptops.
Speaker B: Oh, there we are.
Speaker A: Nice.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: But does everybody else experience this with remote controls?
Speaker A: I mean, not the ordinary remote controls, but also a little bit different ones.
Speaker A: Like you can use for other.
Speaker A: No, really.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, we're not here.
Speaker B: Kind of brought TV at home and a DVD player.
Speaker B: So, we've got a lot of remote controls.
Speaker B: One for the TV, one for the video recorder, one for the DVD player.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I think it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate the mall.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I've got one at home.
Speaker A: You can program, I think, eight different devices in it.
Speaker A: And you can use it for your television.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Anything else.
Speaker A: And it also operates on infrared.
Speaker A: So, you've got a little device inside your room.
Speaker A: And then you can operate it from the third or the second floor.
Speaker A: Oh, really?
Speaker A: So, that's pretty handy when you have a video recorder or DVD player downstairs.
Speaker A: And you've got a link to your TV on the second floor.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, that's a pretty handy thing.
Speaker A: But only the, I think, if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control, it makes it a lot easier as well.
Speaker A: It's good to remember.
Speaker B: So, I think you can take minutes again.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's nice.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker A: So, we want different functions.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And we can maybe see if we can do something with infrared.
Speaker A: But I don't know if that will exceed the production costs.
Speaker A: So, that's something we have to find out, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But that would be really good if we could do that.
Speaker A: And other functions for remote control.
Speaker A: Maybe we can make it, I think it has to be shockproof.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker B: It has shockproof.
Speaker B: My remote control tends to fall a lot.
Speaker B: So, I would, I mean, yeah.
Speaker A: What a proof.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, a few things we can think of.
Speaker A: I will put the minutes from this meeting in our project folder.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: One other little thing.
Speaker B: I thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it.
Speaker B: So, you can see that it stays.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: How much is left in the battery?
Speaker B: But they'll also really drag up the production costs.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But maybe just a little led.
Speaker A: That's an idea as well.
Speaker A: Other ideas?
Speaker A: Quick ideas.
Speaker B: Nope.
Speaker B: They were all mentioned.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Any questions about this presentation?
Speaker A: Kick off presentation.
Speaker B: Nope.
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder.
Speaker A: And then we can all work.
Speaker A: Finish meeting now.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: We can all work on our own projects.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Then I'll meet you in about half an hour, I think.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, good luck.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
