 Yeah, so we moved it over and on to the other eye link. Yeah, I mean she's running it. My view on this was that the need for people to back up their data personally was made sufficiently clear to lab users. I mean, I guess. Did it miss it? Right, okay. As long as you miss it, then that's fine. I'm just thinking, you know, sometimes when there's a process error like that, you think of them, then there's something you should change, like make the sign in bigger red letters. But in our case, I don't think there's anything more we can do really. No. Well, I doubt anybody will do that again because that'll get around. Yeah, it's a joke and worry. Yeah, we'll go the mailing list out now. Yeah, there's a mailing list. No, I don't know. Yeah, there wasn't a mailing list before. They just revived that, right? Frank went through it, deleted the people that were going or whatever and replaced. So the list is now updated. Yeah, so everyone that list has now been reminded. Yeah, don't store anything sensitive on anything you care about on the list. Right. And we don't know. So there's every chance of this falling over again if it's a hardware thing. Right. There's not much we can do about that apart from. Yeah, I did do hard drive check and memory check and it says there's no problems. But something caused it to go wrong in the first place. Yeah, yeah. We don't know. We don't know. Things are exponential, check for free. We don't know the answer. Thank you. No. Thank you so much. We've been thinking about. We've been talking about. Rosam I heard followed by a single announcement today, and consequently, the first sounded out of thebox, and we can realize that the first testament to how much this goes forth. and get that tested out and that'll be, I think that's everything we need before we can start wearing the experiments. And I saw a bunch of stuff about software updates that's unrelated to this problem, right? You mean from the island? I didn't read and myself like five messages go back and forth. Maybe they were under the wrong subject header. So anyway, we have one thing over the last week. Jule has produced another version of the model builder. Oh, no, I mean the island software. That was a few weeks ago. So it's unrelated. It's not that. It's unrelated. Okay, good. And was running because Frank did all that because he then had an experiment. So he's run an experiment. So did he get his data? Is this put his schedule back? He's done his econics. And he backs up. Right. Well, unfortunate, but it sounds like you guys are well placed for dealing with it. Better you than me. Yeah, yeah. But I'm not going to be well pleased. Yeah, I'd imagine you get things working on Monday. So everything went down on Tuesday morning. So I managed to get everything working on Monday to show that JCT was actually working, collaborating between two machines. I didn't know it wasn't actually, I didn't know where I had the iTrack and stuff working. It was just me running around running around the lab. So I have the ones that are reinstalled, I have to actually do a proper pilot. So you need to borrow somebody's head and mouth and stuff to run it. Yeah. But it looks like it was doing all the calibration and drift correction and things that they had and was wanting on it. So that doesn't mean anything to add to the software for that part. So I've got a new trainee who might need amusement at some point. So if you need to borrow a head that talks that doesn't necessarily need to do much else, I'll ask her if she's mind coming down and helping you out for a while. But I guess Ellen is going to be your... The person? Yeah. Right. Yes, but she's not ringed. Yeah. So mine is...well, she's actually climbing Ben Nettis today, I think. But she'll be back tomorrow. Her name's Ninka. Did you guys meet her? I don't think so. Yeah. This is a song I'm familiar with. I might find him using to look at. So I'll see if she'd be willing to... I did meet someone from another project of yours on Wednesday evening. Oh, who's that Heidi? Heidi. Oh, yeah, Heidi. And gesture. Oh, yeah, she's good. Yeah. You guys might actually have something in common because she does...well, you know, stuff in video coding and gesture. Yeah. And autism. I know. So... Right, what am I waiting? Okay, Ninka Devol She's been volunteered. Well, no, I will actually give her the option, but it sounds like the kind of thing where, you know, it's quite useful when you're at that stage to see the different kinds of technologies people use. Yes, we're trying to get Camtasia up and running so I can try out when we've got her coming in. We're just sort of doing a bunch of a proper pilot just to... Yeah, make sure it starts and finishes when it's meant to and that sort of thing is well. Yep. Yep. Yeah, I'll make sure they can actually pick up the audio signal as well. Yeah, but the audio signal should be coming out to speakers once it's out properly, so I should make that slightly easier. Yes, the bleep was a hardware bleep originally, and so it comes from the PC, which is outside the same group box. Oops! Well, you found that then. Yeah. But, yes, the unfortunate is because on the mitre's inside the room, so it's long and what I've done, I'm just going to set up. So, whatever the asterisk stand is and windows is what gets played. Right. So, you can just change the sound to whatever you like, just through the Windows control panel. Okay, so we want one, you can pick up using MATLAB or something, right? Yeah, so I'll have that running over the weekend. So, last week I tried it with a 1 kilohertz sound, and it was, it could detect it, but it wasn't very clear. Did it with 10 kilohertz and it's just really clear. We can tell exactly where the bleep is. Perfect. So, yeah, so that is just a matter of, yeah, you're just basically just play a 10 kilohertz sound over the speech and then just compare the two signals basically. So, I've got a little script for doing it. Perfect. So, you're going to bank the script someplace. Yeah. Yeah. Because we won't know. Right. Well, that sounds good. What else? You have altered the task program, if you say to put the little i icon and the mouse. Yep. Yeah, the one, the one in just install should have that now. We'll double check on my install on the, on the, on the tracking machines, but yeah, it should, it should be updated without now. Rather than just a blob, everyone wanted something look more like an i so that you, that was the i. Oh, really? Oh, okay. Yeah. So, so we've got like a big circle with a white circle in the middle of an i and they've got like a rectangle with two like rectangle buttons on it. Oh, okay. So. Very nice. Very, very pretty. It doesn't get in the way of seeing what's underneath. And the same size as the original is basically. I think the mouse is slightly bigger, but it's not. Yeah, it's not hugely bigger. Uh huh. I can see where that's useful. Yeah. And if it gets a very problem in the pilot, I can easily reduce the size of whatever. That's not too hard. I want a reasonable size so that if they're looking at it, we know they're looking at it. So, yeah, it has to be a reasonable target for the tracking purposes. Yeah. Although if you had a big thing and it was jiggling around like anybody's business like real life track cases, then you might find that a little bit disconcerting. I mean, small things you kind of expected you go around. Yeah, I suppose a larger. Or oscillation appears. It's not that mean it isn't that big. It's like it's quiver. Yeah. Well, that's all fine. What else? You're saying Joe with a model builder. Yes, he's produced in another version that doesn't have the overlap. Problem. Oh, yes. Yeah, the collision. So, polygons now do it. Oh, that's good. Marlow's discovered something strange about the orientation of parallel grams from when it was constructed to when it appears in the. Actual task, but I think that might be something to do with the original. Configuration in the parts that weren't the same across the two. So check that out to see if it really is a problem or not. Oh, basically the parallel gram was appearing in a sort of mirror image of what it was like in the model builder. Really? Yeah. Just totally flipped in a mirror image, not rotated. So it wasn't anything to do with rotation. Just with parallel gram. Yeah, just the panel. So, not entirely sure. It must be some way of how the vertices were described or defined in one way compared to something else. Right. Okay. So your job in this is to ensure that it actually is a bug and then pass it to Joe. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. I mean, this geometry stuff is really tricky if you don't do the full box of stuff in your head well. Imagine. Well, I could get it backwards easily. You know, so it is just a small thing. The other thing we've done is looked at. Not for this current experiment, but for future when we've got to build bizarre parts like aircraft wings and things. Something like X fig can output the vertex points. The actual polygons in the first place is a motor builder assumes that there's an existing safety. Yeah. So you need to draw them in first place. So, yeah, I suggested you do that next big. Is that a reasonable thing to do? Yeah. So you can do the next big export them as SVG. You just get a list of X, Y coordinate. And then I'll just run a little script that turns out X, Y coordinate into a part. Yeah. So this falls down completely if nine Megan can't run X fig. So you better check that with them. Well, something SVG. So, as long as that's something that will output SVG. Okay. But they may need help finding the something that they can't do as big as those. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll have a look at that. But there must be plenty of windows things. But like SVG. Some. I know. I know. Well, I know Adobe and things have packages that do it. But obviously they're like a few of the package. Yeah. But I'll be very surprised. I have a feeling that the Amaya, the W3C browser does it have a feeling that can actually edit SVG files. So I wouldn't do any work to try and find that. What will output SVG just ask them, look, you know, say you need something that does SVG. And then if they if they come back and say, huh, then you may need to put it around a bit. And then look at it for something. Yeah. Yeah. You know, let them, let them say they've got a problem before you have spent time trying to figure out what will do it. It's not an immediate problem anyway. But I thought it was worth, before it would disappear, it's just checking that the model builder is not restricted to just doing the 10 grams or something. So, no, it does look. It's a. Oh, so, well, I can imagine there being shapes that you could construct in SVG format that would fox the model building some way. I don't know. I mean, because you don't have specs about what sorts of shapes are allowed, right? No, but as long as there's solid polygons, it should be right. Right. It doesn't matter whether they're convex or concave in 20 ways. Well, hopefully that's not what the panelal gram problem is. It does. Yeah. Some of the bangles and things. Yeah. No, it's. Yeah. I'd create a, I'd create a convex part and just the next big. And you tried it. It just happened to be a convex part that I was playing with. It hadn't allowed to be. It didn't have any self intersections. So that might be a problem. So I'll have to check that. Would we want by self intersection, you mean. Yeah, but by part, the cross is over itself. You mean like, so that's why we're, no, we'll only be working to see with sort of solid obvious polygons. This point is, yeah, yeah, you have to have a central point anyway for rotation. But myself intersection here. I'll draw here. I can find the right end of the pen. Do you mean something like that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And you can rule out something like that. Well, that's two parts. I would consider that two parts. Yeah. I mean, you know, some rainy day. You might want to think about. Well, I don't know. Yeah. Later on, we can fix it. If it turns out those parts, it's not urgent now. I think this is important enough. Yeah. Yeah. So for now, we'll just assume they're non-insecting. And yeah, that was a, the SVD stuff can act for ones which aren't closed polygons. But once you, once I actually have to turn up in the parts list, it creates a closed polygon by just by linking them into this point. Last point to that. Yeah. So, yeah. So it's long, it's long there. Yeah. So the song, the, the, the, the drawing well enough, it should be all right. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, let nine Megan find it, find an SVG. Yeah. So it finds like the SVG and then we'll see if there's any problems. But if they have trouble, you know, half an hour of googling and helping, helping them is probably worthwhile. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes people, I mean, actually I would, I wouldn't expect them to have any trouble finding something because JPs quite up without a lot of it. Yeah. So. Yeah. Well, it might worth just checking what software they are using because it might create, it might create outputs slightly different from X-fig. Well, let's encourage them not to use any software that might have idiosyncratic ideas about what SVG is. She says delicately. Yeah. The Microsoft version of this. I can hear something. That I wasn't going to say. I have no idea whether they have video, some credit, SVG output or whatever. But the track, the track record on some of the other standards has not, they have been slightly strange things about it. Yeah. But am I a, you know, I mean, that should be. That should be fun. Yeah. I think it does SVG, SVG output. And so I can easily double check if my main can find anything. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't looked through other mail. I did see something from my lose. Is there anything they're waiting on from us that is a problem or they're reasonably happy at the moment? I think they're not waiting anything from us. They've dumped the pilot, the pilot studies that they generated based on the task with their English participants. Oh, they're just the pilots. Oh, good. But they haven't done anything with it other than dump the data. Where is it? Well, they dumped it on the. Yes. You know, you server, but I moved, well, I've moved it. I copied it onto the. Well, that's a day. You know, we're not using that much space. If it's just very interim, and they have to get it to us somewhere. Yeah. We had a brief discussion just before I left about this idea of exchanging data by firewire drive. And I don't know if that ever got resolved. Nothing further is. You know, that's not that's not fast enough for little things like this. I think we see W is the right way to exchange these. We just have to wipe this stuff off and separate copies after that. And I've seen the thing off tomorrow. I was trying to encourage her again to register for the CSB. This is what the CVS and what to do and the software I use. It seems to be quite easy. Oh, so you're managing that. Okay. And you haven't run into CVS before. No. Okay. Yes. No, as in yes, it's new and no. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's that's for you. So far. Yeah. Yeah. Of course he's sitting on the next desk. Yes. And I am just using it through a Windows bolt on. So piece of software. Yeah. That was easy to install. I wasn't. Yeah. I'll switch forward and then you can take stuff out the wiki. Right click things and the Windows Explorer. That's it. Yeah. Well, she'll have to use the CVS eventually because we don't really have a good way of doing this otherwise. Yeah. And I was saying I was doing a double check and I got what could access the CVS from home when I worked with my own last week. Well, Thursday, I'm actually going to get in and just check the stuff and make sure it was all, make sure I could access it. So they shouldn't have any trouble accessing it once they've got to log in. Well, that's it. We'll never see him here again. And a deal like this. I feel like that he's got a better computer at home as well. Not yet. Right. And what about the project as a whole? Is there anything that will do? Anybody who's after that we aren't supplying? Nope. Not at the moment. The only thing that's been going around is the version of the flyer. I don't know what real purpose of these little folded up E-4 flyers. They're critical to the successful project. So. Are they just for distribution at conferences? Yeah. Yeah. And general places. But yeah, I wouldn't worry too much about it. Well, I'm not really bothered. But that's what's circulating. That's what's circulating. The group is a hall at the moment. Uh-huh. I've sorted out travel, et cetera, to Munich. Oh, yeah. Erwin, Joanna, myself. We're all off on the 14th of December. Going back on the pregnancy. And John's going. Yes. Oh, that's good. It'll be useful for the WQ-7 steps. Well, while you do that, I'll be trained in how to hire people. So that's weak. How to hire or how to interview. Uh, both. So, so, is there anything else? What have you gone on for the rest of the week besides getting this stuff up and running again? Uh, well once I've tried out the camp day just stuff. If there's any problems, go to the grocery and fix them. There's any problems next I'm working on is the GDF stuff. Yeah. So I've put on a DTV and some of Lexum L file on the wiki for the GDF. So based on some stuff you put on the GDF specification. So are you concerned about it that I should be looking at it or are you happy with it? I mean, I sort of wrote the initial draft of it, I suppose. Yeah, I changed a couple of things from your original draft. So there's no longer a separate thing for creating new parts. So I just put a start and end time on each part. So you had a think of, I think it was mold or something you said, which is sort of to create a new part. It was an action to create a new part. But I gave each part a start time and an end time. So you can see when the parts were created. So I'm not sure if you want to keep the mold or not. I'll have to look, I can't remember how this works now because that was a while ago. It's just the GDF specification page on the wiki. I'm trying to put in justification for the change that I made on the page. I've sent it out for review. So that's anyone who is going to be using the format can have a look at it. Yeah, and you'll get nothing back unless I look at it. So best for me to do that. Yeah, I mean, it's really good that you're putting things out for review and saying like why for stuff. But we also don't want to burn too much of your time recording stuff that nobody's ever going to look at necessarily. So I mean, this might be a good case, or it might be that you should just talk to me about the stuff if I happen to be around at the time that you're doing it and not. So if the running stuff down on the wiki gets to be too high a proportion of things, then you don't necessarily want to do it. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So I think it's great to have the records. And that's really important, especially in big dispersed groups. But this is kind of a smaller group. So we can do things more informally where you feel the wiki's getting in the way of things. Yeah, well, the one that's saying it this time, it was helpful for me to put it up on the wiki because I could actually think about it as I put it up and say, well, this is why I want to do things this way. Oh, yeah. Well, if it ain't you in thinking to write it down, then definitely write it down. Because we want clear thinking. I can't actually remember how it worked with the notes. I wanted to make sure that, no, I can't even remember. So I'll look at them. Yeah, fair enough. But I'm sure it's fine. It's just my memory, please. And I'll have to get to groups with Camtasia properly to generate both of introductory video, I suppose, for instructional purposes at the beginning of the experiment. So people will be able to see. Oh, yeah. And so the example movements and things like that. Yeah. So is that going to have a voiceover? Or is it? We had discussions before you started about whether it should be completely silent so that they could use, in case we ever wanted to do this in Dutch as well. In Dutch, yeah. And so you could just have sort of, well, I think we discussed having it with an English voiceover or having it with no voiceover and then having it just with cartoon noises or something like boof. You know, when things break. Yeah, that was the bean before me. So I made the imagine. Well, I know Camtasia. If you've got a Camtasia project, you can have the video and audio separately. And which piece? And so we could produce a Dutch voiceover for the same thing. Yeah. So we just did the Dutch show you the video and our audio. And then make an easy crate. They're audio out of. Yeah. So I mean, I don't think it'd be more since we'll just do the video part of it first. And then you add the voiceover afterwards. Yeah. Trying to do all at once. OK. The other issue is if we do a voiceover, does that affect the language that the people choose to use? So that would be another reason for not doing that. Anything with the voice. You know, if you start talking about a lot of the points. Yeah, talking about the parts is just naming them or anything like that. Yeah. So I think maybe that was another reason for just having boof. I think it's OK. Or do you know no noise? I think it's probably. Or ding. Or you know, you got it. Or I don't know what. Probably actually not even the sound effects, because otherwise they'll expect that in the real experiment. And that doesn't happen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So if they make a move a piece and it breaks and they don't hear this crash, they go, what's, you know, what's happened? Is that really what happened? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you need some way to make sure that they actually notice the thing you're trying to explain to them if there's no voice. Yeah. Well, one thing that can do, you can have little videos than other than if you've got any cameras we're doing that, where you can have videos with people click on the masons or whatever else. Or you could just point to have a great big arrow that points at the two pieces that block. Yeah, so I think you can generate. Yeah, you can generate callouts and whatever. So yeah, I'm sure there must be a way of putting big arrows or whatever. Yeah. So you're going to clear however you do this without one, right? Because she's one that has thoughts about the language stuff. Yes. But in our discussion, we haven't mentioned it. It was assumed to be a voice of it. But. Well, we might know that there was a question about one of the wrong things. Yeah, I'll do that. Yes, because we've got to think of these instructions and basic introductions with all as well. Actually, I did email my meeting to ask if they had a say of instructions they'd given their participants. I thought my list just talked to them. Probably. I suspect so, because I haven't had a reply back. I think it's very up to us too. Yeah, to do me to it was just in case they had something that. Is it hard? You don't want to give them the specification, you know, because that's too high for the language. But it can't be that hard to generate something that says. No, I ship him. I'll just move forward enough, I think. Oh, on my holidays, we encountered a children's truss shop where there were 10 grams. And my son reminded me that he hasn't been able to find his 10 grams. All right, you want to give back? Well, not if you guys are using it. Do you find me helpful to have? Well, actually, I could probably just put it over the manual. Oh, but it's so tactile to have little metal bits. If you're using it, keep it. He's got plenty of toys. If you're not using it, then I'll take it back. Hopefully, well, hopefully you did more than another week or two anyway. As long as you can hold off. It's not a worry. The lab has plenty of toys. I'm looking at the complexity aspect of the 10 grams in that booklet. It's not quite that they just get harder. They kind of have pages of similar types. Oh, similar types, uh-huh. Yeah, so one page you'll have parts that are kind of similar to each other and then you move over a different type of design style. It's not quite as progressive in complexity. Right, so how are you going to get your complexity ratings? Google. Google? Is there a big 10 gram community that ranks these things? Like, you know, that's just one booklet that came with one set of 10 grams. Uh, I'll try. I'll try. I never know what it's worth saying. Or is it obvious, like, when you look at these things? Well, I'm hoping the Dutch input will allow us to sort of have a rough idea of what this, uh, of a suitable complexity for the task. But that still won't tell you, well, how many 10 grams are there that they're using? 15 or something? No. No, not even that. The relevant type to what we're wanting to use, probably three. Uh-huh. We've to generate 16 in total. So that's not going to tell you anything about relative complexity. That's just going to tell you where in the span, you want to be. You still need some kind of scale for these things. Yeah, ideally. If you look at them, do you just know? No. No. Well, I don't. I don't know. What about him? No. Mr Geometry. OK. No. Can you tell us by looking at these? How hard do people find them? I wouldn't know. Right. OK. Well, I'll try the Google and see if there's, uh, if there are some sort of ranking sites. Who in psychology already uses 10 grams that's still around? People have been using 10 grams for ages, so there must be somebody with a folk wisdom you can contact. I'll try and find out. I don't know. I'm sorry. I only know ancient papers, so like late 80s. Do people still use 10 grams? Um, I've not encountered them. Oh, so we're very old fashioned. Uh, maybe they just don't use anything like that. Well, there was stuff in the 70s and the 80s, right? I'm not sure if anything's happened since then. Right. Wow. The old past is the best. So I'm not going to let that worry you. Um, so, uh, sorry. I was, I think a big diversion and we were talking about what you were going to do next after all this stuff was up and I was going to look at the GDF spec. Uh, the rest of the, uh, is the rest of what you to do with that software fairly clear? Because this is about the analysis. Yeah. You really only need Robin, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of us who are going to rob and what analysis we need to get out of the GDF format. Um, so I'm going to basic, I've got the, the just analyzer's got the basis for, uh, um, the gdf, um, so what I'm going to do is actually create an output, uh, a GDF output part to it, um, because the moment, uh, any outputs, the video, um, but it does have internal structures will make it easy to do the XML. Yeah. So that's what we're going to look at. And then once I've done that, I can look at the whatever analysis we need to get done out of the GDF. Yeah. Cause there were all these issues about how you calculate II lag and, you know, what are the analyses we want out of this that aren't settled. I think, um, you know, Robin is the person who knows the most about what's required there. And I could imagine it's going to take a little while. I can imagine, you know, so that might be the focus of discussions next week or something. Right. But, um, you need to get out of this and pull, pull in parameters and choose the right seconds. Yeah. So you might want to try and come, if you get that far, try and come and put a list of the kinds of things you want out of it and see what it looks like. Alan might have to use all kinds of things once we have a list. Right. So I'm sure you'll have views on it. Yeah. So, but it'd be good to, you know, make sure once we have a list of the things that we think we're getting out of it, that it matches her intentions for what we were supposed to get out of it. So, um, you know, if we do talk about that, then it might be nice to have her along for it. Um, oh, I found, I haven't found it physically yet, but a reference to a 92 paper. It's the royal proceedings of something or other somewhere based on an experiment that had blocks, a model blocks of parts, and then an area where people had to build, you know, replicate the model. Oh, yeah. Just one person at a time, of course, but it did involve high movements and monitoring where they're looking compared to the hand movements. Oh, yeah. Who was that then? Ballard. Okay. Back in 92. Are they still on the business? Yes. I think so. Where are they? I'm not sure. Okay. Wow. They might have the focus on the complexity, right? Yeah. I need to use that that long. So, she's still working well. Is it a paper you can get? That's what I'll have to try and play notes. Well, they still do it for library loans and stuff. So, if not, the national library has been packed. Uh huh. Yep. So, do we think next week that's what we're going to talk about? Because we don't want to ask everyone ahead of time if she wants to come along for a discussion about. She's not here next week anyway. Oh, well. That's, that's fine. It's next Wednesday or Thursday, of course, it's back. Okay. Oh, yeah. Cause she, her stuff is getting blocked off the mailing list because she's now mailing from her normal account. Oh, is that what, yeah, she's got a Yahoo account or something. Yeah. And I can't figure out any way to just approve messages from her without her subscribing at that account. So. Oh, well, it's a thing something getting through. There's only one message so far. It didn't say much. Anything else? Yeah, I'll get, get working on the campaign stuff this week. And then, so once, once we've got some, some idea about what nasty you want out of this, I can think about whether the PDF's got everything we need in it. And yeah, what an answer. There's the provisional list of what we need on the wiki anyway. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll double check the PDF specification against that just to make sure it's got everything. You say, you need from that. Well, I don't think that list is our final word on things. Well, I added things to it. Oh, well, maybe it is. But I don't know when you last looked at it. But when I added it was something in the last two weeks, anything. I don't think it was fully thing. I mean, I'm not going to have views on this anyway. What I'm really worried about is making sure that there's no big surprises for Ellen and JP, you know, when they suddenly discover that there are some analysis in there and we didn't get it in, you know, because now is the time for us to be figuring out what we want out of that data and getting you right to stuff or getting JP to write the one dimensional analysis that we used to have. Yeah. Yeah. The theme and we've got all the data in the ASCII format at the moment. And just no matter what data we need to pull out of that into the GDF so we can actually do the proper analysis. And I think all the assets are going to run off the GDF format. Because we've decided that if we look at the dynamic regions and whatever else it has to be, the regions that I think might cause a bit of trouble. Yeah. Which is what we have to do off the GDF and the post of the EDF format. Oh, right. Okay. So actually you're breaking this down into two steps now. One is just straight extraction from the ASCII and the other one is any post analysis that adds information by analyzing it. Is that? Yeah. Yeah. So the stuff on the EDF such as the ASCII file and things like the mass movements and things like that. Yeah. So just anything that's got shoved through the ITRAP. Yeah. Yeah. And then on top of that, GDF can also have information such as right at this point in time they were looking at the new parts area or they were going to have the target. Okay. That is post analysis. Yeah. So yeah. So the other is the GDF is going to have that sort of information in it. And then also because it's an XML file we can then do the accessibility or whatever onto it to extract whatever bits of data you need for. Yeah. So that all sounds good. So I've got one thing to check and one person to ask if she'll volunteer to be ahead. And as far as I know that's it for me. See, I have to explain. For one of my other things. There's now a specific wiki page that says stuff gene has to do. At the beginning of the picture, this is quite a good idea because I worry about that doing stuff people expect it to be much more than the other way around. I think according to the latest documentation, you're down for 5% of your 15 months on this project or something. What documentation? Some jazz report. Oh, okay. Officially. Well, it doesn't actually make its way into its my salary. In reality. So. Right. Yeah, I mean, I just spent time talking to you guys. So. You get something out of me. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.