 I'm not sure, but I'm not having crashes at the moment. So what I'm having is... So we had a long problem about not finding out why the time syncing up between the relative time in a sort of in a summarized section and the absolute time didn't correspond and stuff and we found it was some stupid... Well, at the moment our best guess is that it was some stupid Java thing about if you actually if you have two objects and you say A equals B they actually reference to the same thing. So any changes you make to one are made to the other end. If you do that around five corners you lose track of it and you suddenly wonder why that value is zero and it turns out it is zero because it's the same thing that you anyway so we figured out it's interesting why don't I have a screen here now? Okay that's new but that's okay. It's doing different things all the time like this is the first time that actually but that should be okay that should be okay I'll be able to... Yeah but last time I pressed that key combination everything went wrong and I think I'll be able to do just fine on the screen so that'll probably keep me from pointing on my screen which I usually... It might just be at this point like there's sometimes a point in loading not usually that long. Well, let's see. Anyway, so let's just see what happens. The end we did get it. So now I'm having a complete mess of like split... split screen stuff I think last time. Yes but that's not what we wanted. So but I think this is a lot of out-command and usually it resets this amazing strange color combinations. I see the fun of me at the moment. Yeah we somehow always get it working in different ways every time. So that kept us like basically from doing anything else product for quite some time in the last days because we were hunting down that stupid arrow. I got it fixed in the last whatever one hour or something but so at the moment the program was sort of in between working and not working because we've done lots of changes to travel with the arrow was. Dave I think actually that the summary at the current moment isn't working a hundred percent correct but that could be because of the input data it seems to just take the first utterances more or less. If you first if you read through the summaries they read suspiciously fluent like as in people's questions and answers and then if you plot them on the screen where they are at the moment they seem to use which data you use as well because if you data where they're already high it does prefer one from the beginning. Yes. So maybe that's where the problem is coming from. I'll check it out. Yeah. This is when you start shifting around your laptop to think that it gets somehow less sloped on the screen. So I'm not really sure what this meeting is about to be honest. I'm gonna show this just what we have at the moment but it's not gonna look very different from what we had last time. Don't ask me what happened to the promise that you will get your script where you can use your own stuff because actually that was sort of ready but then we sort of started trying to get something more working and then we got into big problems. So at the moment I mean again we should be at a state where people can load their own stuff. The thing is at the moment it's just really bad for me but from Monday on I can just do 24-7 for this one until it's you but until Monday it's gonna be really bad like I can probably help people if they have problems with getting what we have running now but I see. Okay. So I'll just start it up what we have now and then we can talk about what different people have. Huh? Doesn't look great does it? Eek! Yeah it doesn't. But sometimes you have to take whatever you get and just see how far that can see. That's really weird. It just like pre-par Yeah so it's perhaps in the meantime talk about the numbers we assigned to the dialogue acts because yeah I didn't know that you left out those who don't have words so I just extracted the actual dialogue numbers and the problem is it's perhaps more dangerous to get mistaken with all those numbers and not knowing why things happen if we just develop numbers and make new. As long as the key corresponds then. Yeah sure but I mean for all those measures that are based on words I can automatically just throw those where it's nothing but those dialects like 33 in the first meeting. They have a duration even though they don't have a word. So for my other measures I get them and I don't I mean I would have to look for every single word program that looks for every single number and does them I think it's easier if there's a reference with the actual real idea and the corresponding standard. Yeah there are those index values already. Is there somewhere else? Yeah in the raw text index direction. Yeah that might be the map between the different ideas. So that's all the problem. Yeah I just want to put why do you think it's necessary at all to do that? Because the whole program works on them being numbered at the moment. Yeah and it's a problem if there's no. There'd be a lot of work but there's really no extra feature there in the field. But actually I think there is something in the audio shouldn't there if there's even though there's not a word I think in the audio there will be something at that point because it has a duration. It could appear in something. I think something in the audio is just like a noise and then we don't want to. Yeah yeah. So you cut it out. Yeah the ones who don't have any words. Would that not have met some sort of jumping in would that not have met some realization anyway even if they're in like the ones that have no words and that might have really low information density or something. Right I think there's a thing is to depend if you want to ever display the whole thing of one. Because you'd reckon that you could leave them in and they would never show up in a summary anyway. And then he left them in and wouldn't affect the way the program works. Why do you have a special hand in for those? Well I don't. It's just they're not in the raw. It's just because they would have a blank lane in it. Yeah. But I could put them back in. Yeah and it's just the question I wanted to ask. Either way is fine. Why not. Why do you have to go to it? Wouldn't you think that if you just write the program in the way that even the way that it displays everything it still leaves those out. Like if you give those a special information density idea or if you just put it back in the form of something. Yes something like that and then just make sure that summary even in the in the most summarized mode just never puts them in. Might be a problem for me at this stage right now because I based everything on not having those. Yeah it's just a TF idea. Yeah my topic too. It doesn't like blank lane. Also. That might be weird. Just the myth. What I also did was having two people annotate the first meeting and so they didn't annotate the spaces and everything was messed up. I think it had spaces for the new values so when I wanted to do correlation it wouldn't work anymore. It's my YouTube leave now. Okay shall we take a quick look at the current set. What I do is work for the work what I've got now and then just when I have my final formula ready I can apply it to the new stuff. So by now how did you assign the Daredoc X number? Did you take the one you found in the X and I find just put it back in the next section and put it there or did you? No my TF idea is based on calling this data. I end up with a saying. Okay you end up with this. Yeah it is actually it is jumping now. Sorry. Yeah I know actually the summary is probably okay. Yeah it did summarize just now. It's just it's summarizing stupidly but at least it's jumping. It was building. Yes and in fact at the moment I don't even know which of the two I'm summarizing over. Do you know? So at the moment the configuration is that word importance file is test 3 and TDID file is test. I've just switched them around so I have no clue what we're actually doing at the moment. Those names in this lead were TF ideas. Especially since I've just switched them around anyway. Okay by the way I read a paper which makes an important point about combining two things of that type. It's basically it's going all about this fancy conical geometric mean which effectively just means multiplying them. But I have some good information about different ways how you can sort of weight two different factors because it's for something very similar. Somebody who tried to solve a very similar problem where they also had two factors sort of the one two way that together and there is like a good justifiable reason why we should do it in a certain way and how we can then with a simple parameter adjust how much one weighs how much the other weighs. So there is something for just for putting them together in a relatively simple way but still a way that we can sort of justify. We can quote stuff on that. Yes shall we? Very complex. No it's multiplying them. And like putting them one over the power of something and the other over minus one. One minus the power of something and that sort of and they've plotted some graphs about where they show like one going from zero to the one and the other going zero to one and like how the landscape changes how the parameter changes how it works. So it's quite good. Yeah. So that's probably seeing that we're probably not going to go into any whatever base blah blah blah, macro model blah blah about combining them. That's probably what we go at. This is still not ideal at the moment David. It's sort of it's over running the like it's okay. So at the moment we are that far that if I now click on to a segment here. It's just right. Sorry. I just resized it a bit. Yes. It's like the values are sort of hard coded for the screen sizes and dices and my screen is smaller. So let's see I was a stupid user and was clicking on this segment. We probably have to make the segment lines a lot bigger. So then I did I get a new summarization. I didn't actually see so let me check a different one. Yeah. So you see it's a different text and you see it's running through it and also you see the indicator in where we are is jumping. Yeah. So it's skipping stuff. Now I don't think the summary at the moment is what we wanted to be seeing. They were like oh and exactly exactly right. Sure. So this is again probably the opposite of what we want. So it's probably some values that you have to divide by one divide by the value of something. But I would have taken out some interesting stuff but we are looking at this. Yes but also every other word in that sentence we should look at are probably in your list of 50 least important words in the universe. So it's probably just because if you look at the other one like this is just their best sentence for having function words in a row. Sort of. And every other. I mean this one is sort of developing a big infrastructure. Maybe it's just doing it randomly at the moment. I don't know. But we have some summary working and it has a good basis to start from. If I promise now that you'll get something very competitive and data and it's sort of ringing a bit hollow. I would probably say oh actually what is it that's been working with the work and like incomplete versions and what for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah still it's it's might be having some problem. I think this one over wrenches before so we might still have some problem here that it's not stopping at the end. But so Dave can you make the promise and I'm not making the promise realistically that the girls will very soon get. Yeah. Oh dude. First thing I'll do is make a lowy box for selecting. Okay. Yeah. And that's great. It sets the class. Yeah. It's just a square. Just class. Like this. So at the moment I've hard coded it to just taking one tenth of the number of utterances which were in the original selection. So you'll have the promise of that. Yeah. It actually gives you an error if you put it to 20 because there's some things in there which are shorter than 20. And if you select those then it's having a lead. I'm sorry if you check in. Yeah. But I think like a proportionally one is probably no bad idea. I mean an absolute length is sort of a bit strange because that means that some utterances will not be changed in length. And we had that discussion before and I'm confused myself about what I think about it. So the fact that this is going on beyond that green line here is something that's not ideal but that's something we've just sorted out. But this is working in general. Does anyone have a general overview over the whole time issue like as in what date is it today? What date do we have to have this present? What date of the week is that and issues like that? So the presentation is now a session. The presentation is exactly in two weeks. Two weeks from today. Okay. One week from today I shall hear the freedom ring from the hills and then everything and shall then throw myself into news slavery. I think we should start to think about evaluation. I think we should take the time. I think we should take the time. I think we should take the time. I think we should take the time. I think we should take the time. We should probably write some user documentation because that will get us smart. You think? Yeah, they'd love that time. You should probably just write a little help file or integrate two tips that would be visible. Yeah, I've got a basic search for. I've got a user interface. No. I'm still in my directory because the code version in the group is not the right thing. Yeah, I've not been using that. Having said that, if we want, we could probably go back to the group directory and just use this trick, it really seems to be all about starting in the directory. If the two of us are just working on it, it doesn't make a difference because I've already mounted the other directory now. We should wait to have it ready for you guys to use some more to get back into the directory. I'll try and do that to you, right? I've got time to do something that I need to talk into and see it taking too long. How about the summarization again? You wanted to base it on some things length as well. And I've got something length incorporated into my important measure at the moment. No, in that case, it's just... I don't know if I'm going to find anything. But if we do it twice, it wouldn't make too much sense. Yeah. No, it would be too close. I don't know if you want to. I'm not sure how much should be done in the program because... I don't know. I think it should probably be done offline. What? The basic. Combining the data. If it's just multiplying two numbers, it can be done in the program because then we can... Yeah, sure. Because what we could do is have a slide for what we can adjust as well. Actually, if you can figure out a way like how basically a general way because there's at least two points at which we are interested in that, how we can just have a slide bar which we can read and write to which is in a frame of that type. That would be good. It shouldn't be difficult. Shouldn't I mean to just be... You can type right here. Right here. Yeah, but it might be more difficult. Let's see. You could, if you're lucky, you probably have to extend that class and then you can work with that value. But if you're unlucky, it might be quicker to just write a very simple swing component which is just a bar. You can just add it to the panel. Like what? Is that like a screen made swing component? Not that a slider and maybe a diagonal. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So because we basically would be good to have two different ones to play around with one for controlling the length of the summary and another one for the merging factor. If we do it that way with the geometric. Please send me a link to the type of thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a single formula effectively. Yeah. How is the audio thing going? Is that you're probably not having time to work on that. Yeah. Like lastly. I can't see it. I can use this one again. Okay. It seems that at the moment a lot of the stuff that has to be done is sort of at the moment. I was like, I would have, can you do this? That's not ideal. They have to be honest. It's like nothing really on that map. I've got time today, tomorrow and probably Friday. Okay. Because I think I'm in the audio. It's in the end. The audio is a very important component of it. Just because it's going to look stupid if we have everything working, but just, yeah, it's just annoying because I need to be out on a device machine and come there. Compile under and there. There's speech tools. Yeah. And mostly the device machines don't have working sound cards. Mmm. Is there any way for X forwarding sound? No, I did. Because that would be sort of the nice way to sit at home and have it forward the sound at the lowest bit rate to you. I mean, seeing that it's over broadband, it's forwarding the graphics quite okay. It would probably like broadband wise bandwidth wise probably work out. I'm not sure. I did. I did. I did. I'm not. But it's probably not a simple thing. Well, what I think is, I'm pretty confident that we'll just be writing this script. And then we'll just go in as long as I can test the script once. It's working fine. I can just make it return-dumbing stuff so it works on other machines. Yeah, are you not creating files anywhere like sort of real files? Yes, few. So that you can do an device machine in your panor with SSH stuff then to the sound tools on the device. Yeah. One problem with SSHing in general is that the machine that like the only gateway machines, they hate you for doing anything on them. Yeah. And there's no simple ways, I haven't found one, directly in a single step sort of SSH and then SSH again. Actually, I guess if you put SSH in a stick, you can give a command right after the SSH. So if that command is SSH again. And if you, that would require that you have all your key files set correctly, which I haven't because it always fucks up in my system. Maybe if you get that working, then you should be able to directly go into another machine. Yeah. If it comes to it, I'll just install that thing and stuff. Because a primitive version of the sound to have relatively soon would be good. I think, to be honest, I won't be a primitive in the green stage. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So to come back to the firmware before, so the reason why the summary didn't work well in the last one, it works well now is because based on the bottom data, the data is so homogenously high in its important writing that it's just sort of then everything else being equal took the first ones, more or less, but now it's working better because now it's not much more evenly distributed. I wonder if we should do something like dropping the bottom data and remapping the lowest remaining one to zero. It's very intense. We're again much nicer to use than we've ever had. The most professional way of doing it would be to map them according to the standard deviation because that would automatically always, it's sort of like the problem is it's more calculation expensive and slightly more complicated even though it's actually like in terms of calculation, it's not much. So we have a general about standard deviation. I'm not used to it. It's a very simple formula, it's basically just whatever the average of mean square differences from the mean or something, which the problem with it is that generally you first have to get the mean and only once you have the mean, you know what? There is a way of calculating it. In one go. Yeah. I've derived that myself. I've derived that myself. I didn't find it, so I did it myself and it took me a day with a formula, but then I'm slow at maths. The good thing about that would be that if you simply say that whatever one standard deviation below the mean is zero and one standard deviation above the mean is one or two standard deviation or something, then whatever the data is like, it would always normalize. Yeah, that's 45. Yeah, it's not the symbols, but that's the most professional way I can think about it. That would indirectly also drop stuff. I mean, that would drop whatever is below the point. So if you find that formula, that would be good. Otherwise, I can see if I can still understand, like I did it in my program. It was usually stupid. Like the standard standard deviation formula just requires you to have the mean initially and that makes some things exactly twice as computationally expensive. And there is a way of doing it commutative. Yeah, I can't remember. I know you're wrong. So, yeah, so that's one possible way of doing that. So, that's just in the loading stage, right? Yeah, that should actually be fine, especially in the worst case, we just introduced a small hourglass, but anyway, we're only going to present this once. And we can probably just sort of start it up before the presentation starts. So, we shouldn't let all be worried about it. It's actually quite beautiful. If you want a program only to run once and only a part of it, you don't worry if it crashes afterwards. If it wastes all the resources, if it's the hardest, it can be in. Anyway, I'm rambling with M. Yeah, I'll just never close it. It's a process. No, it does not. It does not. I changed it. It does not have any close process when you... You would forget that. That means that you would start it 15 times over in a 15-sombis running. Does anyone know anything about which dice machines have sound cards and how to find them? No. Because the thing is, we can, like this at the moment, it's working because it has a sound card. The interesting thing is that because of the structure of this, it isn't enough to just say, well, if you don't have a sound card, you don't have sound. At least I think that's what I remember our problem was that... Yeah, it's the reason. So I've worked around that there is ways I think to get around it, but the problem is... So you basically have to have two code words, then one for sound card and one for non-sound card machines to test it on. Because you have to change all sorts of other things if you don't have a sound card. So there isn't a simple way to just tell which ones sound card machines are and just use sound card machines. No, no, no. That makes it really quite difficult for us if you want to......and start as deaf and first have to fight for a computer. Yeah, but I guess, I mean, if you trust in Dave's summary for the audio, just putting all these things into sound, then having a written summary. Yeah, I just care for the written one. That's the key to the written one. Yeah, so I think that it's the clock. So I think that it's really the easiest way to make a sound card and a non-sound card version of it. I don't think we should call that, we'll run it on the sound card version. Yeah, but then that means that the girls can't test it. That's the problem. Yes, we can. All that happens is if a few people have to load the clock, you still get the display. Yes, but without the clock, you don't have... Well, actually you're right, it doesn't strictly have to do any movement. Yeah, you can still click on the segment. And that is still the... Yeah, but we have to comment stuff out for that. I think, like, at the moment, if you click on a segment, it automatically sets the whole clock thing going and stuff. So we have to comment out stuff. So that's what I'm saying, that there is... We could make it a flag, couldn't we? We could just make it a runtime flag and then make a few ifs and say if... It must be a way of detecting the clock load. Yes, there is. There is try and set something on the clock and try and catch and then make the clock be accepted and set the flag. Yeah, so anyway, so that's something we should probably do in one way or another because it seems to have the overwhelming majority of lives machines don't have sound cards. Yeah. Okay, you want to have a look at the agreement and disagreement data that I worked on last week. Do you have anything more on this? No, nothing but much to talk about this. So apart from, like, a search box and the similarity thing, what's that case? I'm just going to go over that. This is more or less in the end, like, this is very similar to what our product will look like in the end. Seeing that realistically with a given timeframe, we're not going to do amazing new things from now on. So I'll be, we'll hopefully be... Paps my list of agreements. Paps my list of agreements somewhere. List of agreements? Yeah. If we find them good enough... Okay. I wanted to provide that an extra list saying probability agreement. Yeah, I think it would be good in the day for... It could be good in the display to annotate them in the display. Yeah, for example, yeah. Yeah, we could just make... Click on the point in time and display. Not just yet, but that should... That's actually, that's probably the only thing I can say I can do this week because that should be... I mean, I'll do it in an inefficient way. I'll effectively sort of go through all the segments and check if they actually come. I think they, what we should do is that... That time click of the clock. I think that's changeable. And I think we should probably increase that because at the moment it's 0.1 seconds. And that's just... There is actually some background noise when it's working. I think that it's because it's like doing so much every time. Yeah, I'll get that one screen. Yeah, it's probably because... I'm not sure if you have the version with the display yet, where the display is actually updating up here when it's moving on. So I mean, yes, it is because my display is programmed in efficiency, but I think with it to give time constraints, it's probably easy instead of making a very efficient display code to just make the clock whatever 0.5 seconds or something. Do you want to monitor? As long as you can skip more accurately than the times that that's fine. Because otherwise you might risk cutting it. If I can skip more accurately than if you want to jump to a point, you need to be able to jump more accurately than half second by half second in this word. Alright. I would still say that idea that we want to display bars for individual speakers. It's a bit small, but I don't know why that is. Oh yeah, I can see. That's probably because it's coming from my resolution and it's given much higher resolution. Perhaps because it's white screen or something. Okay, what you see here in this part is, no mouse. Yeah, here is a list of the most important or most probable words that are pure in agreement. So the number in the first brackets is. So I run it on all the B, D, B, M, R and B, R, O meetings to learn it. So the number in the first brackets is how often it occurred in the. Atrances that were annotated as agreements by the. I look at the human and the number in the second brackets is how much it occurred in the West. And the first number in every line is how much more often that is per same. Same text length. So the number that gives it look quite good, I think it's exciting, perfect, true, interesting, exactly correct, super and so on. And then I run it on the first meeting getting the. So what's in the in the brackets in this window here is the atrances. And at the moment it can make any differences between. I mean, you get the same value for every atrances that is exactly your every atrances that is sure. And for the longer atrances, I just look how often. One of these words is in there and simply added up. So that should in principle favor longer atrances. And yeah, and so these numbers here, one or zero this year, and that's. The dialogue at labels, whether it's. If they're annotated as agreement, they're not zero here. So here for those who get to get a very high score, they're mostly not zero. And some of those who are zero are still very good. Like I definitely agree. It's nice. Can't agree with that. We probably want to have. And when you get further down, you see those with very low. And then you put score also had. No agreements. Again, I think that's probably good part if we had a slide bar initially where we could dynamically adapt the threshold of what we. Yes, so maybe it's just like maybe it's just good to have like some generic component with three slide bars or something where we can relatively easily add a fourth one or something, you know. And she's like sort of all our fiddle factors. And obviously we'll hide that in the presentation. It depends. We could look in some cases, we could put it as a feature and say, you know, you can dynamically. Like we don't want. I don't think we want to have it supposed to be easier to do anything by adding the threshold. We wouldn't call it threshold. The granularity of decision. Something like it. So decision. And everything above that threshold. I could then at the entrance where it occurs. Just put a certain graphic light and like a handshake or something cool. Yeah. So it looks quite good. I think. So that's what I got for agreement. Then for disagreement. I did also, but it's a bit more difficult because there's so little disagreement. Yeah. So I use again see the list, but it's much shorter and it's much much worse. Yes. I was just thinking the same like it's so tempting. Smiles. You have yellow smiley and yellow angry faces. Beautiful. And that is here. The list of utterances. It gets us for the first meeting. Didn't somebody say that actually like a lot of agreements have have actual words which have such disagreements like. Yeah. I mean, I think that's why we have that right. It's so high here. Yeah. So can you. I think I think. Yeah. Thanks also. Right. It's higher in the non-agreement than in the agreement. And there's some fine things. Yes. Yeah. That's the fact. I'm getting a. Yeah. It's just. I mean, it's exactly this thing, but just. I would just have to rescale this factor here. And I mean, this is the dialogue. Oh, okay. So I could probably read it. Yeah, I can just give it to you in the format you want. So I would just. And then score. Yeah. This was just for showing it. In one file. In the first place, it's going to one file. It makes it easier. If they're corresponding it for each thing, yeah, they should be right. So for each utterance, you have one agreement, one disagreement. Yeah. So I'll read that into. I'll make it part of the get measure thing. You can just guess it with a flag. You can get measure. Okay. Yeah. The one where we have. Zero is the idea one is. Yeah. Yeah. Cooled word. Yeah. You know what? If you can. If you introduce like a sort of a static, what's it called? Public static ints are basically constant. Like that's Java, so I'll give them names. Like so zero TD idea one that probably makes the code a lot more readable for everybody's thing around with it. You know what I mean? So just like whatever three means agreement value and then I just write something agreement and then it's easier to understand for both of us what's going on. Yeah. One problem I still have is with all the years because I mean, obviously they're all right at the same. I was thinking perhaps at looking at the acoustic modules. I have so for example, at my F zero deviation. But yeah, by now I just had a look at the data. And actually the average. F zero deviation is only slightly higher for the positive ones than for the negative ones. I mean, there is a difference, but that's probably not significant enough to really make use of it. But I would also investigate some. But I would also. Yeah, it's occurring. Not only of the agreements that really frequently as like encouragement as well. Yeah, so and I my hypothesis was that if it's really yeah, I like agreement it will sound different than if. Then if it is just the back turn. But you know what I think we should put the threshold for that one in the end quite high anyway. So probably doesn't make much of a difference because I think this thing. But that has nothing to do with a threshold. Because you have you don't have it on you with years you have it also with words that are much higher ranked. You have the same problem like for example with yep as much higher ranked because it's because that's often in the training thing. But I mean the fact that different ones have the same number in itself isn't a problem is it? No, it's only if they're used in different contexts. So if for every year you'd be sure that it's an agreement and that wouldn't be a problem. So you're saying that you're not sure if every year person agreement. Yes, I know that not every year person agreement because this right yeah and okay things are typically also a picture. What's the highest rank from that kind of person? Because if it's below about crescendos one that's in late season. It's below like 50. That's probably high-backing. Yeah, but we would throw a lot away that are quite good. If you would set it. It's really tight quite tight. So then that's a bit occur on one set as a behind the rank. So over how many different over which length is this now this is like. So the third column is the utterance where it occurs right? Yes. Okay, so I think we really do have to put the threshold quite quite high then because otherwise you get. Yes, because I was just checking you know like how far apart are they at the moment. That's definitely not a good thing to display if they're like an average 10 10 utterances apart or something. So we won't probably want to take a threshold at least with US 60. I don't know. Looking at that. I think for this meeting the lower closet around 90 annotated agreements or yeah agreement. I mean the best ones are definitely those on the first screen. So again I'd say probably a good way of going about that question is to have control which we can vary in the distance. And then just sort of because that's in the end how it's going to be evaluated. You know in the end this is kind of like I mean we're going to present it and say yeah so this is our it's just his agreement and then we see what what looks good and what looks. We are like something in between three and five agreements but not more probably maybe less but not much less and I think that I think that I have to be wanting everything. I mean we have to put them because some of them are also I mean this is just added by different speakers for example there immediately following one another is just two speakers agreeing I think same for this one here. I think that will be up to kill emerged anyway. Yes but maybe an expensive well maybe in a stupid looking way though. I think they can probably be done on display level. I think it's always really funny. I only keep the stuff I actually need on it and then I clean it up every you know my god but actually this or here is an SSD because it was data that didn't fit on my quote anymore. So I think that's why we wanted to have keyless winched topics like that or something. I think sort of the bottom line in which might well end up what it's going to be like is that we take the single higher strength utterance and put that as a title like realistically looking at this from the time we have left to do this and stuff. What I do is having values reach segment at the moment so I could just extract the highest ones for each segment. I don't know if that's good but at least I could provide some value. Is that on a word basis would that be single word so would that be check out what they would be like on a word basis maybe actually if there's one word which is very typical I mean probably somewhere like because that's like the only time that air was spelled with 3a and stuff. I think that might be a problem of the whole meditation that if they aren't exactly consistent in how they describe transcribed stuff like that. So I think that's why it's high but then probably it's the only time that mmm was spelled with a dot at the end and stuff. I have dictionaries if it's just like I have arbitrary really long lists from the British National Corpus of when you do not include. Well let's say at least it is consistently enough that I think you can filter them out fairly well. Yeah I mean if the single best one word for a segment is interesting that would be really good. It seems to be actually I think each of the highest three or four and then just merge into one of the ones. We're going backwards you know suddenly crash. Yeah I mean that was that was sort of in the original content in the nice fancy drawing that we gave Stephen. I mean that was part of it that sort of within a segment you had this top segment and each of them had different words and whatever have proud dreams. Yeah other assignment. No I don't think we have. Yeah we're going to have time to make it display like a whole archive of it because it's going to be displaying single meeting in order and having a lot of care. Poohman solution is probably going to be to have a list. You're think of loading them all at once. Yeah. I'm just going to show you a little bit of the dialogue I used to start a zero speech meeting. Even though we were provided by all the weapons. Yeah I think that like the drawings we changed anyway. So performance wise it generally works fine for the display should make much of different because I think everything in the display code is just from the first on to the last one displayed so if the other performance is okay then we should really just load the whole thing in. The first thing we will have to do is we want to really want a different behavior that we clicked on a whole meeting and a segment so if there's more than one meeting displayed it should be clicked even on one of the segments of that meeting and it should really naturalize and just play after that meeting. See that probably just means that the display sort of has an internal knowledge about what level of zoom it has so initially the display. It just needs to know whether it's displaying more than one whole meeting. Yes. Yeah. Yeah that's probably fairly simple actually if we do it in that most primitive way of just saying as long as it's play more than one meeting. I guess sufficient to claim that we're going to have some kind of real major. Yeah. We then need some way of getting back up again in the hierarchy but that in the worst cases will just be a static sort of error button in the right hand top or corner of the display and you press that and then you're on the display the whole thing again. But for that at the moment my display code needs that thing to work the one. Oh no that's working at the moment anyway the one that I just say give me 100 values over that length and then you're internally. Okay. That's okay as long as my display I was just thinking my display can't handle displaying a million different segments but no but it doesn't have to. Even now it doesn't have to. Okay well that's all details and Dave can you just turn this what we have right now. You want me to put a search in? I'll probably tonight just work on getting a frozen version that looks consistently. Yeah. Make a good document. Anyone feels that they have free time. One thing that would be convenient for all sorts of things in which I haven't found out about it is how to do tooltips in an arbitrary way in in swing graphic as well. Now there are simple ways of doing tooltips over a given element like if a button they just give it a tool tip text but there is means of doing tooltips that I put my mouse over that's a problem I was over this line here and then it would tell me something about what it is. And that would be quite convenient for a lot of things because then we can sort of have a lot of information in the display in the way that just went over it. But I haven't figured out how it works and that's something that probably, so if everyone is ever bored or if anyone feels that they can do that. Okay so probably what you'd want to do is the text where the mouse is and change the default to the left component. Yes but it automatically displays the correct position when you hover. But the thing is it isn't simply an act of setting a string default tool tip. There seems to be something about a tool tip object that you have to create and give it all sorts of different properties and stuff. You might not really want to create an E and a time to do that. So anyway I haven't looked much into that so if anybody looks into that then let me know otherwise I'll start looking into it as soon as I have time again. But if anybody... I'll have a look at some of my jobs that might be so similar to that. I found some stuff about it on the web and it just looked to me like proper coding. I saw half page code samples which effectively just displayed a tool tip and I didn't have the time at that point to get deeper into that. So if anybody gets any good samples of that. Anyways is that it for now? Is that all version all in there? No but I'm going up up with the tower now and I have my external heart disc so I can... So I'll start working half-n Any dice machines in this building? I actually know what I have to go there anyway and put a piece of paper onto machines where some stuff is running on. Yeah and I think like I'll just kick in full time for another SSD next week because there's nothing I have to do then. Part of the cognitive modeling which I think I'll just do in 5 hours, 3 hours. You take a look at that. Yeah but not too detailed. I might just not go for the last question because usually the last question is what takes half the time and gives you 5% of it. Okay yes we're going to talk about the evaluation next week. We really need to get in contact with other great consumers that you want to enjoy without your own team. Yes, that's good. I think that is no interesting. I think that's all the way through. I think they're names and little games in there. They do send the game in there because I was hoping that Steve would eventually get the game. Maybe he has mentioned it to them but they just never talked to them. I'm still coming as a shock to me now because I was in this mindset. I first knew there was a lot of time between the presentation and the report and then I knew now the presentation has shifted. The correlation between those two facts is interdependencies. There's some fancy planning language about that. Yes, it is probably some version of the frame problem. Frame problem. I think it's time to get them all bad. By the way, how long, how much time do we have for the presentation? Probably as long as we need. Yeah, but more like 20 minutes or more like an hour. I reckon that if you present the components or what is it based on, then you will need more than 20 minutes to present it. But if you just present the functionality of the thing, I don't think this presentation is about the internal workings. I think it's about the overall It's a demo. I think realistically since everything in this university works in one hour slots and stuff. It's two groups and it's probably roughly half an hour-ish and 10 minutes without the point. This is going to be so bad. There's going to be some small... Maybe you should present it on your laptop. It's really bad at the moment. Plus we would have to get the speech tools running on my laptop. Oh, let's see. It could just be flooned on the laptop for all I know. I mean, at the moment it's not too bad apart from... I think the sound is stuttering. I think because of the laptop. We can only really touch that once we have sound. I'm pretty sure I think that's the best option. How fast is Rokar? I can't hear that. It doesn't have to be enough. When that pins would run on anything but... Oh, J-Dader. Is that you? You shouldn't even die. No, that's true. I'm not going to be fine. Oh crap. That's something that would rely on... I just don't think it's a good idea to run the speech tools in sequence. No, but the sequence should run the Java as well. Wherever this is going, it doesn't sound good. You can use my laptop as a server. That's a sound server, but that would mean that we have to get the speech tools running on this. I think the way Java works is that... I think it'll run on their dies machine if we're doing it. We should definitely test it the day before. I'll show you where I'll say test art. Are you going to make something primitive that people can load the day down? Oh, yeah. I'll make a script to run it and put that in the group. I'll send it on the open. I'm not 100% sure what needs to be changed to make it work with the... To make it not crash if it doesn't have a sound card. There's quite a bit you have to comment out for that. Just too because... Don't be the bit, like, the clock. Oh, is that stuff in the display as well? The thing is the display calls methods which probably expect some... I think if the display itself isn't doing anything clockey, so as long as in the main program manager everything clockey is removed, it might be worthwhile to check how much more work it would be to do it over a flag, because then in the end, otherwise we always have two code works and people might be changing the wrong one. Really, you shouldn't even need a flag. You should be able to do it with exceptions. That's kind of not a nice extension of the main program. I know that if you don't do it with exceptions, you have to get pressure. So, figure it out. If you don't have a sound card, it's a pressure system. Yeah, cool. Did you see in the program manager, do you have a method to set the current ID to update the display? Because that's what I'm going to need to put in there to get the result. I know it's going to have to be something a bit more complicated than that. What it will have to do is be registered everything as time handlers and then update and then re-register. Right. I think the display has some method for it. I'm not sure if it's for the program manager to call. I'm not actually 100% sure what it's called, but the display has some method where you tell it where to start in the trend. Yeah, it's kind of easy. Yeah, well, I suppose I've got the moment of middle result class. It's got the ID. Have you got a component? Just playing lists of matches. Yeah, it's good. Well, I'm working on it. Okay, yeah. I mean, it's not too hard to do. All you have to do is be registered everything as time handler for us before you add this stuff in. But when you click on the search result, we definitely want that one. Well, actually, day, day, day, day, day. Yeah, and it might not be there. Yeah. I was thinking it might be a problem. I was thinking it's exactly the same thing that happens when we say set selection. It's not, but actually set selection does everything you want sort of. Yeah, if you look at set selection, set selection doesn't update the display though because, you know, well, it doesn't tell the display which part to display because the display has just called set selection. Yeah, it doesn't matter because it is jumped to any text area. If text area, then the line will jump. Yeah, but that only works. That at the moment isn't done through our system. That's just done because then the time changes. It's actually a time change would automatically put the position in the display in the right of the play. No, but that's not a good idea because that could well be outside the display area then. And also the real time and play time stuff to change. Yeah, so yeah, we need to read and visualize the display. Yeah, and I think the display has a method for that ready, which is called... Anyway, the display is something useful for that. Something that first starts with the word set. Yeah, you can set the windows start utterance and window end utterance. Okay. But yeah, we need to read something to ensure that the set result is in the summary. Yeah. That's crazy. So we probably want a different summary constructor that takes an additional argument as an ID. I mean, that reference will always be in the summary. Alternative videos are always the method of just giving it a really high score. There's a hack in order to... Yeah, that's right. As long as you then don't... Well, probably people wouldn't know it. No, it's not a nice way. You could put 1.1 when the other ones only got the one. Yeah, that's right. But no, it's not a nice way. I'm just saying. When you're doing a search, you keep the slides from soon back out. So you've got the full text for that statement. Well, that may be rather than a summary. Because that is maybe what you want everywhere user. Yeah, probably that's actually true that if you're doing a search, you're usually not interested in a condensed way, but in the full thing anyway. You provide the option deep in the sheet. Otherwise, it would be too complicated to cope with the system if you have to readjust it to a different zoom level to get better results. Yeah, probably. Yeah, but we have strange in the eyes of the user. We need to make a summary that's the same length as the selection. And that would ensure the search term came up. Alright. I think proportion... Even though I'm always getting myself confused about this, but I think sort of making the summary length, I think generally proportioned like as a proportional factor of its original length is a good way of going about it. Anything with absolute length, sort of stupid because that means that a long, long segment gets to 1% of its length and another one gets to exactly the same length. So if you're doing it by proportion, then just having 1.0 or something makes it very easy to always end up at... Actually, that's what I currently like. The current code just takes the tenth of the summary length. So we'll have a swag. Yeah. And that's the type of slider that we can actually leave in and show, because that's functionality. Yeah, that's sort of like your level of zoom of impending doom. Shall we quit here? Anything to be discussed? Okay, so I'm going to copy my stuff. And also I'll work on site, please. Yeah, otherwise you'll definitely see me in MFM, so I'll just... Yeah, I'll just copy it. Yeah, I just actually... I'm sort of for staying because I couldn't really get out of my teaser, but I'm going to get more... No, I don't have to give you out of the zoom. I am not really aware of the... So, MFM can be made... No, no, I'm not in the bottom. So we started breakout one, and we were going to take things to work with you, but I didn't take very long time. So it didn't look to me like, you weren't doing an overly thorough construction, where the unit was very fixed. Mar baller's ho... And I think...