 g Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I tell you that we've got kind of two way interaction, maybe controlled play for an after-ins, so play where it should be. Yeah. Now, it's just like sort of like preparing people for, it looks like, it looks like really nothing. It looks like basically less than their stuff, but actually Dave has written a whole underlying different structure now, and if we hook it up with my display, then we should fairly easily from now get to a stage where we can select individual segments and click on them and then play that part in a compressed way and display density information. Now, at the moment, the application is, which you probably said, sorry, this is a good question. Yes, sure. So at the moment, we have a dialogue act window and the graphically displayed, I'm not sure. The interesting thing is the sound came when I tried it last time after I triggered off something by clicking on something. Yeah, there suddenly they come, probably they're just slow and loading, and they don't have the buttons yet. So at the moment, the display is still discoupled from it. It's loading your data. I'm not quite sure. It probably looks like where a state from the looks of it. But the segments are made up at the moment, but the code's there for integrating real segments, and this is summarized based on just where a state at the moment from some part of the meeting. So we're not loading the whole thing at the moment yet properly. But the important thing is this is summarized based on, I really wasn't always pointing at my screen, you don't see. So this stuff is summarized based on these intensity measures. And we don't have the exact audio record for this, we should have just copied it. So we have to show Dave has put a music file in there, and the music file is playing without gaps. That's because the way how we handle it at the moment is that Dave prepares an audio file, creates an audio file dynamically from just the chunks that you want to have, and that runs in sync with what we have in there. I'm not sure why I'm making it loud, it's just... We see that running along with the playing of the music, we see the highlighted dialogue acts. That's pretty good. Ego's a control play from the dialogue acts, and it will play that section of the file as well. Okay. So, and that already, this part he already is dynamically created. Let's just load it with the adjustments that it just to see a difference. What that one looks like, just need to... So a rich version of my data was of the very first one. Yeah. We were like doing this, we were just concerned with the whole... Yeah, I mean, it doesn't matter. Where am I looking for my local friend data manager, where am I looking? Is it with the file name, sorry, is it here? Is it here where it's important file? No, it's on your display, where it calls, which one to get, you just need to change the flag. In my display, I think it must be a mess I pass here. How do you do this somewhere? Yeah, you can change it in the summary, where the summary is called in program over here. So are you basing it on certain thresholds, or a special? Yes, just hits the top line. Okay. So where did you say the program is? The easiest thing is in program manager, where it makes the summary the best procedure. You know where that is, just about? It'll be above that. Above that. In this main, in this routine. There's something great importance with the zero, and there's a word importance with the one. Yeah. Let's swap those around. Maybe it'll be in the summary constructor. What's the difference? This is read them into separate arrays, and then you can change the flag to select them, which one is this. So let's just swap the find them to run for now. Oh, that's a crash. Oh, yeah, and we really leave a song, maybe we'll be able to make a new constructor that lets you set the flag. So you have time this afternoon. So this shows, if we see anything at all, then we see at the moment at least that we're definitely having a different summary, just because we're having a different important measure. So you see that it does something like at the moment, I think this was the old version. So it shows, if you think about how the old version happened, then you see it makes sense that words like prosody, just like a thing, if that was the only utterance, that probably scored quite well in stuff. I have to get this button state. It's weird, online. Probably all these hoos and ahems are spelled differently in the thing, no, what's the problem? You should generalize. Unfortunately, I didn't get the bar on the display working just yet, but that should be a small one. That's a very old one, rather. I think those SS and E's and so on, the single letters are because of the problem with my... This is very old, we should never call the charted stuff because we were working on. So we see that we have a very different density curve as well for this one. And, yes, so from here we go, and it hopefully won't be too difficult to now, first of all, put the right segments in, put a sliding bar into this so that people see where they are. So I'm constantly touching stuff on my screen, I realize. And then make selections based on a segment. Now, what we're not quite sure is what's the best way for how the summarizer works. Should it always compress a segment to a constant length or by a constant factor of time? What would you think, if there's a certain degree of summarization, what should be the constant? I suppose it should depend on the length of the segment. So always like a rela, so it should always reduce it to half. It should make more sense. An alternative view would be that... Yeah, but perhaps more than half. Yeah, well I guess that could be adapted. An alternative view would be that you could sort of make it that it always is the same length. So if the whole meeting is selected, it compresses the whole meeting to five minutes. Then if one segment, one topic is selected and then it plays this whole topic in five minutes. But that sort of gives people a bit less control over. So maybe we should do it instead. You can expect that to be honest, if something we can worry about. Yeah, and that's quite tricky to try and do, but a lot of other work today. Yeah. What's that to discuss for today, what's that to talk about for today? Yeah, I was wanting to talk about the search. Yeah, we need to get on that pretty shortly. Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking to do most of that, like we can index search. I need to do some changes to the program manager to be able to handle that. Yeah, I think basically what I need is just a list of words with an index to start with. Each meeting, I'll find it in there. It's supposed to be the amount as long as you're unique and I can pass them back to you and you can use that to do the hash. Yeah, probably. Should we abandon the whole notion of seeing the whole one whole group as one single thing and just work on a leaf? Certainly for now and probably for good. Yeah, you want to just go there for one meeting, are you needing more at the moment? Well, from the point of ask developing it, it doesn't really make much difference. Do we have everything for the same meeting at the moment? Are you all working on the same meeting? Yes, we'll use it in the first one. Did anyone have a jacket that's actually a good meeting, or comparably to others? I think it's segment quite well. Okay. So you want to send the prototype and we should change the data. I'm sorry, the problem with the first meeting is that there's no hotspot annotation for that. But I mean, that's not a really problem. Do you take it from my directory or do I have to put it in the garage? Why the moment? It's just an old file. Yeah, but would you take it from my directory or...? Oh, yeah, that's the way you call it. I don't think I'm going to be able to do the speech tools to try to make it into those because the documentation is really horrific. It's really bad. I think I'll just write out a script with the system called... Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean, yeah, I just don't think it's worth wasting too much time on that. It's not really important that we get it missing a clean array of points. Yeah, especially because that's only done once every time the selection changes. So even if we do an hourglass at that moment, even if it pauses for 10 seconds, well, that's tough like that. I think we should just make sure that if it takes quite some time, that the clock doesn't start before, whether the audio and the clock are in sync. So we just start because of the summary. Yeah, there's a wait for command for an external call to make sure that the external thing is finished because in general, like that sort of running parallel, I think. I have some code for system calls like that handles the end of the output if you need some of that. I think I'll need it. Okay. I'll just dump out a 10 pre-five. Okay, cool. I don't really know what to talk about. We have... See, there's one week after my dissertation, so we're before the presentation of the prototype, and we can work a lot, lot, lot on this, and that's good. I think we should decide what we want it to actually look like in the end. Are we going to have some kind of preview to represent the meetings? It is, if we're not, and we'd probably have to make the graphically display a bit more information. Yeah, well, the graphic display will definitely have more information. If we're at the moment abandoning the concept of displaying the whole series of meetings, just because it's for us more bureaucracy, more complexity, and it probably just won't give us any brownie points in the presentation. But do you think it will? I mean, do you think... I think it might work because Steve laid quite a lot of weight on surfing through meetings. So we should at least provide an overview of different meetings of one group at the beginning here. Talk a little bit about that. It's not too difficult to do in a sort of a hack kind of way. Where? We can just treat it all as one meeting, yeah. Yeah, and then maybe have some basic information. Like if... we'll just create like a hard segment to start and then each meeting like once it arrives and sort of black or something like that. Yeah, so just a little bit of additional information in the display that knows we're meeting, picking it over and otherwise into it, we've treated. So we have continuous IDs for the segments. Yeah, that works. Other than... Yeah, other than... We'll just create a hard boundary between each one and each one. Yeah, it's better apart from that we don't really do anything different as we talk just for a meeting. Yeah, I completely agree. So the only thing that would be the display gets information about where they are and displays them as hard boundaries. And what about the similarity measure for segments? Do we also present that in this window and do we do it across meetings? I think that was planned at the beginning wasn't it? So initially I thought it was sort of more a search functionality that simply there's one button that says find similar segments. And then in the same display where we display the search results from the search? Okay, so it wouldn't be displayed and... Well, I'm not... So you think displaying like an information about similarity to the selected meeting to select segment in the other segments? No, I'm just coming back to our initial idea of presenting some of the similar segments across meetings and separating by some. No, no, I think that's... I really don't want to do that to be honest. It would be nice but like... It might be possible to do it in the summariser. Yeah, but it should appear as a continuous thing for the... Yeah, it was that... I'm not sure if it's worth much bother though. Like if we do a similarity search and just like you say find me similar segments and then sort of like you have a list and you click on one of them and then you go to that segment. I think that's quite useful even without displaying them sort of discontinuously. So how will you display the search? Well, I was thinking of just like really just more or less just imagine those search results each like each of them sort of giving whatever we should aim to get some names for segments like some extraction of something that we can call. And if it's just the single highest importance measure of phrase of a segment so that we have something to display for them. Like basically just a summarisation down to one segment and it would just be a list like this and you click on one and then... You know then the whole bureaucracy kicks in like this gets the notification, this gets the notification. Yeah, okay. And then we could like we could sort of use the same thing for yours and mine because yours would sort of give just the segment IDs and mine would give the start segment IDs. Right. So basically this display would have information about a segment where something starts. Maybe also something where something ends like for mine and some string that we pass to describe what like what it is. Wait, your search would return, would it return just the specific like it would go right to the utterance, right? Yeah, suppose my search would return the utterance but if your search is for a word you need an index for the word in the utterance. Yeah sure sure sure. Yeah so in your case like it would basically would probably say the utterance here or at least some part of it. Probably so late. Yeah, in my case it would say some name for the segment and then you would just click on it and then like the whole thing would kick in. You click on it and the selection moves and the display goes to that part. How advanced are we going to have our search? Very restricted. Very basic. Yeah. I think we should be able to restrict it to specific speakers. Yeah, yeah. If you can pass me like the dialogue act with, yeah, was it a speaker? Do we have them with this speaker at the moment? Well with the speaker ID. Yeah, that should be enough in there. Yeah, that's because if someone could create a file with the speaker IDs and speaker names. Yeah, I have that file. Yeah, I do that as well. It's in the group. Yes, in the data. Yeah, in group data. Speaker Dio or something. Yeah, the data manager should be quite well documented. So you should be able to use that. Right. So it's quite easy. Yeah. So what about, sorry, can I use that at the moment? It's ready to get dialogue act. So from the dialogue act level, I've not got it leaving any topic segments. Yeah. Yeah. Just because that was the other priority. Yeah, yeah, you can get all the options. All right. Yes, maybe just get stuck with me. So what about a general layout like this that we have here, the dialogue acts and the player. And here we'd have a search button and the similarity thing button. I mean, we got a search result. Good question. If we move everything to the right a little bit, make a little bar on the left. Yeah. I think we probably like, we can leave those like, I frames and just arrange them sort of. Yeah. Well, basically, we'll get something to print out their location. So we'll arrange it. I'll turn it, typically, we'll have like the whole thing running already when we do the presentation. And we just arrange it manually. It's quite easy to do. Apparently, Microsoft sometimes or like, at least in the past, the demonstration where they just exactly knew which 5% of the system we're working. That's what we're going to do as well. Has anyone ever seen anything from the other group? No. I have all. I'm just running everything again. They've all sorts of... Oh, just the label. Yeah, of course we grew. Re-access. Yeah. I'll just like it, print the same messages in the background. Stand it out. Yeah. Oh, dear. If anything, we build in a time bomb that only fails if the date is the date of the presentation. Oh. Yes, because we are nice people. If this rate thing, do we have any direct control to that or is that just directly controlling how fast it plays and sort of... We can only... It doesn't seem to work very well. It's capable of slowing down the audio, but it's speeding up and it's seem to work too. That's a pity because it looks like it's doing something. Did you overtake that code from the original? Yeah, that's a... Yeah, but also speeding up the... Oh, it's all hard. It does that. Do you think if we override that component and just override whatever the action to that slide bar is? No, we'd have to look at that code and see what it actually does. This thing is really bizarre. It slows it down, but it's speeding up and it's seem to work. Yeah, maybe it has a different constructor when you... Also, that grasp of algebra is terrible. Yeah, it should be minus p times. It should be half. Sorry. It's fine. Because I'll be buying it backwards twice as quickly. Yeah. So if something like they are skipping, would it actually cooperate with our system at the moment? Would our skip automatically forward? I should do the equate on passing with five. Yeah, I'd realize. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe they've got the minus and the code as well and then something messed up. I think it's just that it did do it. It's not blind selection. Yeah, whatever. So do you think a tree view is for like an overview of the... Is that everything? Yeah. I think the simple... The simple view that we get that you can just like pass things into and then check when they got clicked really. Something that might be quite cool is if you could... You know, like some applications when you open a file you get like a little preview. If we could do something like that at this place like a five line summary, then you could go about the open a file. Yeah, I suppose you can calculate the morph lane and just have a little thumbnail or something. We couldn't do some. I don't know. Then we would have to over a... Some are just quite quick. It would be a bit pointless but we'd look into the preview. Yeah. I'm not convinced you get any kind of good quality summary. In a sense, I mean if we... Yeah, like probably that would be the same thing that we also display up here because I really think that having like some... But that would probably even be shorter than five lines. Like really just getting, I think getting one or two best utterances for each segment would be really worthwhile. For the search results, I probably think that instead of a simple summary, something that displays the utterance where the word was like displaced in a highlighted form where it was found. Another quite good thing might be how easy is there a five two to... Two plywood. There's one that would be quite cool. If on the search result you could give it each one a tool tip that had the context like the options before. The options after. Yeah, it'd be nice for any whole values right now. Well, alternatively we could always have sort of a third small component. Whatever, like if this was the search results and then just like something else that's parked under it and when mouse goes over this one, it triggers that one to display or something. Yeah, if we can get the tool tip. The tool tip is I think a fairly straight. I think it should be quite easy. Yeah, especially with a tree view, we'll be able to get the tool tip fairly simply because it's just a property of it. Yeah, that's why we... I've never seen tool tips displaying several lines and stuff because I wonder how good that look, but we can try that. It's quite common in some applications. Really? So far only some tool tips or view words length. But yeah, that should be fairly easy. Yeah, we have a moving band. We graphically display that also moves according to the... Yeah, we will have that actually it's going to happen today and we will have proper segments as well. Is that quite easy to do? Yeah, I'm moving across. The thing I have to find out how to do it without redrawing the display each time because the display at the moment does take. You see like it takes a fraction of a second to display but probably too much to update it to completely repaint the whole thing every second. So at the moment, I'm just, whenever it needs to be repainted, I'm not thinking about what to do and just repainting the thing as a whole. With a moving bar, that's not a good idea. But until I think of something better what I'll just do is I'll probably not have a moving bar the whole length but just some indicator somewhere like......whatever, just a triangle moving at the bottom for now or something. Then I can just like repaint a small area or something. And yeah, we are clipping smaller. It's just one value. The height. It doesn't change in value. So if you just remember the color that was lost at, then you redraw a line behind it. Is that color? Yeah, I have to find out the commands for like really just redrawing a small piece. So I have to just, there's examples for doing stuff like that I just have to read up on it. But yet displaying the current position bar will be easy, provided that my whole calculations of like where we are in time here or correct. I mean, that's just something that isn't tested so far. But it should be, I mean. So the general concept, will you two just keep on working on improving the information density measures? So do you think there'll be a point when you say, well, that's it. We have an information density score and we'll be looking for something else to do. I'm pretty sure that I can always find something to improve there. So, I mean, if you need me to work on something else, I can try to finish my stuff early. But otherwise I can still keep working on it, improving it, I think. Well, I don't actually, at the moment I don't see how many people can work on the programming anywhere. Right now I'll put you into next semester. So now I've finished all the meetings, I think, there's not that much to do unless I get some evaluation method. So that could be quite difficult. I would have to tag with some part of it or something. Because if I can't evaluate, I can't do any better. Because I don't know how to do better. Yeah, it's really cute. Well, I guess I mean... There's my hope, we could just kind of cobble something together and just say, look, it's great. I was a bit pissed off yesterday about that part because it was sort of just like a decision we had taken. And I said, okay, we've been talking about evaluation in the first report. There's nothing new we can say about it this time. And I thought we said that in the meeting before we wrote the report. And then he came back to the criticism saying, like, oh, you didn't say anything about evaluation. And then everybody did it in the last report. We said we're not going to go, oh, but now I expected it in more detail. Yeah, you didn't give a say, oh, if that translates to 80%, like if those actually translate to really like their percentage scores, then it would be good. I think they did, that's the first 60%. 16, I thought they were 30% each. I think they were 10% each. They were 40% each and this is how they became 60%. Okay. How much do you think they were? I think they were 10. Yeah, 10%. Not bad. We're also, it just means that he's relatively lenient because I mean, the reports were, I think they were good reports, but like, probably somebody else wouldn't have said they were excellent. So that's a good sign that shows that he's not hell bent on you. Yeah, I suppose you can see the worker and work him. And then he'll see the final display and he'll realize that it was all fake, then we didn't make it any of the work. I think we ran through the address. So I get how long it takes to actually software engineering. Yeah, the interface and integration. So the thing is, like for me personally, I think a lot of work will be done in the last minute in this specific case. That's not a new state, but in general, but like the week just before the presentation, I have most of the stuff that I'm doing now. I'm doing now, I'm rid of it, including the dissertation. And still. And it's the same for me. So we'll just restart and stuff then, because we'll restart in the year. That's an okay game. And the DM. Oh, no, probably not. Well, you're doing a few at the end of the year. I'm going to do like an online museum archive. You get a document, please. It's a little bit. Yeah, I kind of make the idea that he went about called LL and then went on to a good archive. I'm not a good writer. I think it might have been a bit of more like a chase, I think it's going to be quite hard. Yeah, we'd have to do like music and stuff. Well, we have to do it. And picture. Not too much. So yeah. So just to be honest, I think it's going to be a bit hard. So, Jasmine, if you got something like this and like this for always your current data, would that help in sort of I've been promising this for a week now, realize I'm going to give you. I don't know if it's that. It might be a help. Because essentially at the moment, I mean, it's pretty much a question of copying it over it. Over right. It's just. It's not easy at. You can probably add a open file dialog box with minimal method because I think it's a ready-made component that returns the string for a file name. Am I using the term file directly? Or that. Yeah. So we can do that today. Yeah. It doesn't make sense to call it file. Is more like an option. Yeah, but why don't you read everything just from one file. Yeah, no, sure. Like it would not necessarily need to be a part of the final thing, but why don't we just provide some means, even if it does it automatically in the beginning as a startup option just to ask for a file name. Because then we can just publish a script that you just run and then this whole thing starts. You know what happened to me today? Like I forgot about the web. I'm not sure if we had the problem before finding the Java media, the Java X media stuff and all the charts. Yeah. Like suddenly panicking the 11th whenever the schedule followed would be fairly straightforward to get it going here. And then I got that thing. Yeah, so if we do a work which automatically opens up a file open box. Yeah, so you're automatically producing the right format with this with just patterns. I print the utterances in the idea of the utterances. So would it be easy slash just a difficult slash impossible like at the moment if you skip to a treating a whole series as one thing. So like creating one file for the whole series that gives the address the ideas from top to bottom and. Or even just the entire corpus. That's what I'm going to say. But the entire corpus. If I just take one file or where one meeting is in. This is easy to write. Yeah. Where do you think you can produce something like that? I think we should go for like for one group not for the whole corpus. I think it makes more sense to go for the whole corpus because the meat the. The IDs gaps and stuff. Otherwise, I mean to have to read. List of options is when you're compiling all the data over and over and over again. So you want the day like members to be. I wrote the corpus so that second meeting was 300 something. Never Dave. Yes, that's what I was thinking about. Like the second meeting should continue to the first one stop and for one group. That's true because it's sort of like their meetings, you know, like that one meeting. The main data. Just. You need numbers for the entire corpus. The utterances. Okay. And that's. It makes more sense to be anyway because that means you've got more flexibility. One thing you really don't want is ever to have two options. It could potentially have the same ID. But it just doesn't make sense in the logic wise sort of like until here it's the meeting about this thing and then it's that thing and then it's this like. That's the point of the data. Could we. Could we just take the name each. Each dialogue act meeting. And I like it number would be a normal name. But it's not really much point because I'm a nice proxy that the dialogue act number also coincides with the array index number and the array of dialogue act. Where's. Maybe we're talking like so. So your data manager would that then handle the whole thing? Would that handle it? That this would only like the display would only display one group. Which is what you wanted. Yeah. So if I mean I don't mind where it's done. So if the data manager filters it out and like. I just think that in the logic of the program it's much easier to justify why we say we treat a series of meetings as one single thing rather than. You know the interest in the same series each time you might want this way or meetings that had a particular phrase mentioned. And those might not be the ones that we enumerate. But I would just I would find logical reasons for why you can just say it's just good practice. Like it separates the data. But I see this to come in like deaf like I see each series each group is completely separate. Yeah. That shouldn't be forcing on the user when we don't have to. Okay. But would it still like would be still in the logic of it still have continuous IDs if you say we take just just one meeting like would would the display for example still be able to just say. I want from whatever from the first until the last and everything in between sort of and. And the data manager would then display that just for that meeting. Okay well if that's possible. Have you currently got continuous IDs for your top. I've only done the question. Oh, yeah. I've only done the all of them. And for the topics. The idea was that it would be. I think it should be like that continuous and chronological. Okay. Is that what you've got because different meeting series overlap. Yeah. For example, yes, there are not F zero values for every speaker or sometimes not forever meeting. How will I. Count that. I mean. Okay, the moment I don't even generate any document document for those. But because. It's just a no. I might be more sensitive because I got my average value. I would not be better for the importance measure if that just wouldn't be part of it than. Well, we don't use F zero. Yeah, that's where I said. So you'd also say that it shouldn't be part of the importance measure if there's no zero. Yeah. Well, I don't know how we're going to do the fusing of the different important measures anyway. If that's done in the program or if that's done offline. Does anyone have a good idea like at the moment to play around with it? What's a good way of displaying two types of information in the color display? I mean, there's probably logical ways like if one is whatever if one is the darkness and the other is the redness or something. Does anyone ever experiment with sort of displaying two dimensional information in color? Because then we could do adjustments and wear us probably in the same scale. Look at these red, green and blue this way up the tree. Yeah. But do we really want to display them separately because we use one. No, for now. Yeah. For us. It might be interesting to me that just the word importance. Yeah, but then the user would have to know about what was what and what contributed to the blue stripes and what can you do with the language. But I think probably for us, like in developing it would be interesting. Yeah, so I'll try the red, green, blue. Does anyone know what this hue and saturation thing like? What's that? Nobody's so much color work. I don't know how to job. It's not a problem of doing it. I think the trouble is that hue isn't a very sensitive scale. Like it comes up like red two or three times. Okay. Okay. Well, I guess I'll just take a look at the Photoshop color cube or whatever it is, give them color cube and look at. Oh, you could just split it into two blocks I suppose. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we'll produce a version of this which opens up with a dialogue box where you can select the first one. Select a file. Is that right? We'll be able to do that. And then you'll get this type of display with that file. That's at the moment. So are we still talking about using that one meeting that everyone is using now? Are we talking about swapping now? It's very reasonable. It's not swap meetings. It's a data set for it. Yeah. So everyone should produce stuff for the whole corpus now. Yeah. Okay. It's a sensible way to do that. Okay. We need the explicit information about each meeting then like sort of from which utterance to which utterance it goes and stuff. Yeah. Well, it's not reading that and yet that that will be part of the data management as well. Is anyone access classes or different? Is anyone providing that at the moment? Does anyone? Hmm. Does each author and just got an idea associated with it? Okay. Okay. It can be read, run, program that calculates all the for all our different contributions to the importance measure. Absolute. Data. Act. Numbers. For the meeting. Because at the moment we all produce the numbers for each meeting separately. Where if you? Yeah. Just. You might have to write number three. Yeah, but we should all use the same program I think. But prevent us from having too much mistakes in it. Or at least mistakes would be consistent. Yeah, should be consistent. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. As an I just don't understand much about how difficult it is to do different things. No, it's not really difficult. It's. And I can do it. I can read in different. I don't know. Part of its measures. As long as? Yeah. Recirculate the numbers. As long as everything's in the right order it shouldn't like we should even be able to just ID it when we're reading it in. We have got the index for converting from various IDs to your search. Yeah, it should be. Yeah, it's done that for the correlation as well. So that was quite easy. Have you got that for? No, it's just for one meeting at the moment. Yeah, so if we email our script on how to like load it. So yours would always be loaded in I guess like you there would only be one version of your data and you can just overwrite that version if you want. I wouldn't have a file open dialog box for that then. No, that's what it is. Pointing it as file open. So it would be open those files. More sense. Would the option be? I'll just see if you can configure the location of all your files as an option. But when it starts off it should just read them from the default list. Okay, but like so make it an option which one it displays or which one it uses for the summarization or. Yeah, that makes sense. I was just thinking so that both Jasmine and where I could see their data working. Of course, there's no reason why we can't make a development version that displays both as to when options, windows and to go after display. I mean, obviously they'd have to pick which one to sync the clock. So I'm not getting too much. So add another dialog. So we would have like each of those components for Jasmine and where I would say if you could make a change to your thing so it could display like it in two halves. Yeah. Or maybe three actually. No, you top half one, but half the other and the third one and average you can change your parameters for. And then yeah, I could easily make it throw up three different dialogues. But would that not require three clocks and. But that also means. Okay, because the dialogue the display also gets the information about like the relative and the absolute time. So that would be convenient if that's just if that's just one of that because otherwise it's getting messy. So why don't we just make a swap in? Why don't we make a switch instead like. Oh, no, no, still good because. I don't want to do like three like three internal times because that's just getting messy. Well, I guess really I mean like alternative you why don't we go for the simplest thing just create three scripts. Or two scripts which load a parameter common line parameter which is which file to load and then it's just there. Hold on. Wouldn't it be three entirely times goes because only one six o'clock. Okay. So absolutely real time. That's what's displayed on that. The bar is real time. Yeah. So they will open the same time. Okay, would the others. Oh, you just have three summarizes and then they all sync up with one clock. No, only one of them. Okay, the other one is just a static dialogue. Okay, okay. Yep, so we have three color displays like three or. Are we not in the final version? No, no, sure. Or maybe just start with just two like without even combining them in any sophisticated way. Just just two. Yeah. Okay, shall we wrap that up? So sorry, I'm imposing. How easy would it be to like as you can add arbitrary numbers of them. You mean discontinuous? I like different measures to the display. If I have to do it like flexibly, then I probably. Then it will not be significantly more difficult. But is it worth any effort there? I think it's going to take more than like an hour or something. Because we'll never have more than two and we'll never have well, we'll either have one or two so in the end. Because you don't have different versions of well, I guess you probably would have. But then also we'd have to find more sophisticated ways of loading it. Specifying the parameters so that might be easy because one can type any number. Yeah, but that we would have to have some dialogue box problems there. It might take half an hour in the display not more than that. Mine needs to make a minor addition. I think it might not really be worth it to be honest. Let's work on the other stuff first, like the other stuff and just provide like something where each of them just if there's an adjustment script and a error script and they each can load their stuff and see their data in the thing. They can see it summarized by their data and the other one is the static one. That should be fairly easy to do, right? If I just double the display and you make a like non-synced up second dialogue act and then they can fine tune their measures. I think it would be cool if we could check the night clock code or whatever code it is for this component and see if we can access those right things and do something useful for them and get notified when they change and stuff. We could just make that right be something completely different, just disconnected from whatever it's doing. Yeah, I think that's what we should do. I think it's probably an easy task to read that rate, but it's probably more difficult to get an event automatically when it's changed. So that's why we might have to extend night clock and like override the function that reacted to that. Like the rate is probably a property which in the worst case we'd have to set public, but if we want to react to it being changed automatically, we might have to. It doesn't react to it being changed automatically. So they haven't... So you have to stop it. Okay. Yeah, so it shouldn't like even if we have to extend night clock, I mean it should just be a matter of changing one single method in it. Yeah, I mean just disconnected from whatever it sends immediately. Yeah. And connect it out to our summarises and like different levels on me. There's like we could make that not even have like a real sort of meaning just like Max and Min. And the user can just like say in between. That's like what I was out actually telling them what I actually mean. Yeah. Yeah. And we could justify all sorts of stuff like that in the presentation by saying we deliberately tried to keep any complexity and numbers and stuff away from people. I think that's sort of a line we should go by in general sort of saying yeah we could have done so many... It's like the label, it's like minus four times as well. It's actually incredible. You don't want to confuse people. We give people something simple and colorful where something is moving and whether they don't have to deal with any numbers or text or anything like that for that matter. In fact, that's why we've given you a picture of a dog sitting in a field instead of a meeting browser. It is nice and it comes people down. So what kind of change will you impose on the summarization because if we find you know, according to that and it's not finished, it doesn't move in a sense. We won't make any huge changes. I always have the ability to read your issue on. It might be quite cool to have a combined measure. It's just a weighted average. So at the moment you have got a threshold and everything that's about it is displayed. It just takes the top 20 or 50. So it's some kind of threshold that is... So, okay. Yep. Shall we meet in an hour or so today? Probably going to eat something. I was going to go to the gym at about three. Okay, I was planning the same, but we won't get so much done before three, that's the thing. To be honest, it's much quicker to get stuff done on my own. Okay, listen. So why don't we meet after three then? Then I can like until three, make sure that I have all the display. Yeah, sure. So we can meet at five and I have the display code ready by then, which does the stuff like... Like having a bar where the position isn't stuff. Okay. And I'll meet say five to seven. That should be an hour. Yeah. Because yeah, it's much quicker if we're both working separately, I think. Because when we've been working together, I've just not got a lot done. Yeah, that's true. And like when I go home I'll spend like the same amount of time and get loads. Yeah. So we can meet at five and apple in power and just work on... So I'll make sure that my display does all the stuff we can talk about it. Okay. Until then. And then we'll put those things together. Okay. I'll be working on the search, I think. It's ready to start. Yeah, I'm usually not coming. I can show you how the DM manager works. Yeah. But I mean, like we should discuss together which, like, how the search interacts with the rest. So that's not something that Colin should just do in his own. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.