 Okay, good morning everybody. I'm glad you could all come. I'm really excited to start this team. I'm just going to have a little PowerPoint presentation for us for kickoff meeting. My name is Rose Lindgren. I'll be the project manager. Our agenda today is we're going to do a little opening and then I'm going to talk a little bit about the project. Then we'll move into acquaintance, just getting to know each other a little bit, including a tool training exercise. Then we'll move into the project plan, do a little discussion and close since we only have 25 minutes. First of all, our project aim. We're creating a new remote control which we have three goals about. It needs to be original, trendy and user friendly. I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those. So we're going to divide this up into three parts. The functional design, which will be first will do individual work coming to a meeting, the conceptual design, individual work in a meeting and then the detailed design, individual work in a meeting. So that we'll each be doing our own ideas when coming together and collaborating. Okay, we're going to get to know each other a little bit. So what we're going to do is start off with Amina, Alima, sorry, Alima. We're going to do a little tool training. So we're going to work with that whiteboard behind you. Introduce yourself, say one thing about yourself and then draw your favorite animal and tell us about it. Okay. I don't know which one of those things I have to bring with me. Probably both. Right, so I'm supposed to draw my favorite animal. I have no drawing skills whatsoever, but let's see, introduce myself. My name is Alima, Buchintini. I'm from the state of Maine in the US. I'm doing nationalism studies. Blah, blah, blah. I have no artistic talent. How do you spell your name? A-L-I-M-A. Thanks. Oh, and I guess I'm the industrial designer on this project. So let's see if I can get here. I will draw a little turtle for you all. Not necessarily because it's my absolute favorite animal, but just that I think they're drawable. You have the pretty little shell going on. There you go. It's a turtle. So what are your favorite characteristics? I like the whole having a shell thing. It's quite cool. Carry your home around where you go. Quite decorative little animals. They can swim. They're very adaptable. They carry everything they need with them. And they're easy to draw. Excellent. So we just go around the table. Okay. Well, my name's Ian. I'm not here. These are in space. I'm going to put a project. I'm trying to own my family. I should leave that one on. No, you can raise the turtle with some. It might be nice to see you. I'm not going to draw it quite this way. You can start, do directly. Oh my god, it's not even a nightmare. Yeah, the reason I like my eyes is because I'm the best bulldog client in some of these. I know, so they're kind of mistakes. We don't really know much about them or understand how they work, and they're fun groups. It's my name, it's Chris and Naomi. I'm trying contraptions with me. All right, I'm Jessie. I'm from around DC, I just sort of in the US. And we're going to keep the deep sea sort of theme going on with our animals. I don't really know how to draw them. We could do the water to help sort of give an idea. I have no idea how one would explain this. I need some whiskers. Basically, it's supposed to be a feel. You can imagine it in the water. I like them because they're like playful and silly sort of. Have a good time. I'm not going to try to pretend like it can get any better than that. Okay, I'm Rose, I'm project manager from California. Okay. Let's see. Let's see. It's definitely going to be harder once you're doing it. It's actually a coyote. Let's see. I'll have to give it a little bit of snout. I don't know. Some teeth. Yeah, that's pretty impressive. Oh dear. Yes. I live right across the street from an open space in California. We have coyotes all the time. So I really enjoy their singing and their really beautiful animals. Okay. Moving on to slightly more serious stuff. I'm going to talk about project finances. We'd like to sell it for about 25 euro with a profit aim of 50 million euro for all our sales. And because this is such, this is for television, it's a, we have a market range of internet, like it's an international market range. We don't have to worry about specifics. In order to make a profit of this magnitude, we need to be able to produce each one at a maximum of 1250 euro. So we're selling it for twice, what we'd like to produce it for. Okay. Just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project, I'd like to hear about your experiences using remote controls. Your first idea is about creating a new remote control, what would be the best that you, what are the features that you really like, what are the features that you don't like, etc. So. I hate when there's like, port of the buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the TV like you have to do one for the power of the TV. And then like, another one to get the actual screen on and something else to get it all going. I don't know, now they keep combining all different remotes together. And I don't know if I necessarily like that because I feel like you end up like multimedia overload. I just want to watch the TV. Always get to fast. I'm sort of like, device to help you find it. I've used a new remote controls, it's like a TV and a CD player and it's a product. I guess that's what you need. You don't have to get up and walk across the TV. Especially if you're someone really lazy like me. I find that they can be a bit annoying, especially when I watch the TV. I have to have to accept that there's a controls, one for the TV, one for the digital box, one for the digital box as well. And also they tend to be a bit confusing. There's not too many buttons on them. It's just complicated. It's all I really want to do is switch off. I agree with having too many remotes around. My dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things. I don't know how to work half of them. What's important for me, I guess, is that it's easy to use and that there's not too many buttons. They're not too small. I need to know what you're doing. One thing I particularly like is if you're not moving it around to get it to work with the infrared here, I think there's a way around that. I know in my residence right now that the television you have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on. It's just simpler just to turn around the TV itself. I think that if you're going to make remote control, it should actually work for what it's doing. Without batteries and things like that, are there some remotes that don't require batteries or do well remotes require batteries? I would imagine all of them, but it's also we could use a lithium battery that would last a lot longer than AAAs. Those are the batteries that are used in a lot of MP3 players now. It seems we have a little bit of a conflict over combining all the remotes together versus having five different remotes. You don't like having all the buttons on one remote, and yet you don't want to have five remotes. How do we work with that? Could we get something that just has all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder or other things that I'm not very coherent about? That just has your major buttons for that work for everything, volume control on off channel changing. Maybe that spatially divides it. If you're looking at the TV on the top thing on the remote, I don't know if it would be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're going to make it. If it's all the TV stuff is here, then all the VCR stuff is here, all the whatever else we have programmed into it. It's all just in a separate place and not all the on buttons together. You're like, I don't even know what I'm turning on. If you'd saved the more complicated functions, maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day. Maybe have one remote that has the main functions on off channel changing volume and another remote with all the special things. Because that is one thing that remotes tend to have buttons that the TV's no longer have as well. You have to have them somewhere because you're going to need those special functions occasionally. But not necessarily on the normal amount. Can I ask a re-designing or remote control for television only? Good question. I think it's just TV. But I'm not protecting it just where it's at. New product and new television or remote control. It's not like a good thing to say. I think it might be more advanced than that. So we should be seeing that it's just the television that they wanted to be. So I guess we have to define what we're aiming for. If it's just a television movement, it's a bit simpler because there's less buttons that would even need to be on it. It's an idea that the button is being visible and large. If you have older people or people like me that aren't very coordinated hand-eye, it's really quite important that you're not pressing a small, 15 mobile phone size buttons if we can help it. Okay. Sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas. Mind if we move on? Now our next meeting starts in 30 minutes. I believe we've actually been only working on this one for about 20. So we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like. But this is just a breakdown of what we'll be doing individually. The Industrial Design, Alima, we'll be doing the working design. The User Interface Designer, that's for you, technical functions, I guess, like keeping in mind the buttons, things, the size of the buttons. User requirements. So you'll be hearing about different trends, about different things that people need. I guess kind of the same discussion that we've been having will get from actual consumers. Okay. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach. I realize in this past when we didn't have much, we just wanted to get a little brainstorming done. So, very excited to see all your animals and how wonderful artists we all are. Any questions? I haven't gotten an agenda yet. I'll put that together. I'm sure as we'll each get our own instructions, because what we're going to do is for sorry individual actions and then we'll come back together. I'm sure we'll all have more concrete things to contribute next time. I'm sure we'll be busy. Okay. I'll type up minutes and probably email those out to all of you, just including all the things that we talked about. Yes, I think I can. I'll just attach it to any of you. And your number two, three, four, is that correct? Okay. It's lovely meeting you all. Make sure to keep checking the company website and the emails. Let me see if I can do that right now.