 Alright, well, welcome to the, it should be the last of these meetings and it looks like we've done a good job here and we'll just go through the final details. Okay, all the minutes of last meeting, we'll take those as red. Okay, the next thing we'll have a look at the prototypes and the evaluation criteria in finance and then just tidy up with production and then we can close. So if you'd like to present your proposals. Okay, we basically have the same kind of layout here, it's just, you hold it like this and it's kind of molded to the shape of your hand basically. On the left we've got the scroll for the volume on the right. We have buttons for the channels up and down and that kind of so you can hold it and scroll, you can hold it and push. This is the power key, it's kind of like the biggest you know how to turn it on. That's the little menu key. This is the infrared section so it'll be sending rays and if you're pointing it like that, you can send it or if you hold it up like that it'll send it. We've got a microphone there which for all the voice commands, you can talk to it like that and it'll still send. The logo is down there and Hertz has the cover on it and you can see it just kind of goes, the red bits, the cover that kind of goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through. And so we figured it would be kind of a light brick plastic, just kind of a light non-descript grey so the people would want to buy the covers and then the covers would be that sort of very material like they make iPod covers so they kind of just stretch over. Show me age I don't know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I know. But yeah it's just kind of a rubbery and that way you know spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over and that way I think probably helps protect a little bit too as well. But it's also easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kind of sometimes would get someone to do that for you. Okay, good. Stay on and then the buttons come through and so and then each one of them on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle on the right. And that'll be the covers as well. Yeah, yeah. I mean it's a detailed point. I just want to, I mean how will people put these down? Right. Right. Okay, I decided to put some strange in my mind that they put them down vertically. We could broaden it out a bit so it would stand. No, because if they're going to have it as a fashion item. Yeah, I mean it's just a minor detail point. As you say, it's made the base a little bit bigger. Yeah, we just wind it out. And it just needs another logo somewhere. It's all, excuse people, the option and if they've got them. That's because we might actually have several lines upon the, yeah. Yeah, yeah. We just lengthened I guess. But that's, but no, the overall concept is. Somewhere like that. Yeah, yeah. No, no, I mean, they're so... I have to lengthen it so it kind of, your hands don't have any idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Maybe slightly thinner. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that kind of works more like a, like a floor, or a plant. Yeah, but the, yeah, the... So it would be balanced. Yeah, I mean, it would be so... The final product would actually stand up. Yeah. But the, these were minor, minor details. I think the basic concept is absolutely bang on. It certainly meets our criteria of being, you know, looking different. Yeah. So good. That's excellent. Right. Let's just... What's on the next one? Oh, right. Yes. Let's have a look at the finance. No. No. We're giving it a clear design brief. Try not to get the spreadsheet up. Nope. Yeah, yeah. Just click there. There, there, maximates. Oh, right. Oh. Good. This is why we need to make these things simple. So the Voskin understand. Now, I've, this is a company's costing for various aspects of design. And I've treated some of these slightly liberally, given the constraints placed on us. For instance, if they require us to have it in the corporate colors, then there's not a special color. That's a standard color. So we're just simply on batteries. The one decision I've had to make is that we will have to find a regular standard chip to do this with. And I'm certain that they are around. So I don't think it's a serious problem. The voice sensor is expensive, but we made a basic decision that was absolutely fundamental to the design. So that has to stay. And again, the shape of the case means that it's expensive to make it a little bit more expensive. To make because of the double curves. But on the other hand, because of our overall fashion concept, we should exceed the sales targets. It's simply made a plastic. So that's no problem. And just because the whole thing, the color of the whole thing, that's some cost there. And we haven't actually got a scroll wheel. We've got push buttons and the simple slider. So the buttons are... I don't know the special color. Anyway, the costumes are coming exactly on target at 12.5. I think we have a very strong case to argue that what we've got is so innovative and different. That any slight compromise we have to make on cost is offset by the concept of it being a fashion accessory and having the interchangeable covers. So if the management expectors to be technical, I'm not going to say that yet again. It will fail again. Technologically innovative. They have to accept that we can't operate absolutely within the constraints that they give. So we present this as the company's way forward. I think we can argue that we have coming on budget. Okay. So does anybody want to, Andrew, what do you want to say about the evaluation? Where we're at? The product or the project? The product. Well, are my presentations just now? Yeah. Sure. Can I get there? Oh, sorry. Sure. More then clicks in the locker room. There we go. The better evaluation of the product was to just see if I met all the conditions that we set out. So from the point you have the consumer and the management. What I've been asked to do is on the whiteboard, engage our team response to these questions. On a scale of one being true and seven being false. Seven being a nice round number to work. And then at the end it's taken average one for two and seven for flays. Yes. So look at these questions. Is the device flashy and fashionable? I think much better. Yeah, definitely a one. So also a technological innovative? Yes, the voice technology indeed. Easy to use. I don't see them, but they made it any easier. Suitable for the consumer. Have the same. Totally. Yeah. I think we met all of the consumer. Yeah. Is it complicated? No. Don't break files so far. Functional? Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I'm. We're going to be found easily. Yeah. Built in the speech. Where are you? Yeah. Yeah. It's not a time for the user to take long to learn to use, shouldn't? No, no. And there was the RSI compared to the current standards. The best buttons, so it must be. Yeah, it was a made natural effort. It is sort of the handle more economically correct as well. Yeah. Oh, yeah. What device are built at all age groups? Well, because I mean, all the people who can't manage the buttons anyway, we're actually probably lightweight, like the voice. But we had the data to start saying that all people will be less likely to pay extra money, but the increased functionality, the ease of use of the device might make up for that. It's, it's, well, I don't think we're actually charging a particular premium anyway in the end. I think it will tend to appeal more to younger age groups just because we have gone with the fashion focus and the other people tend to, would be more conscious of that aspect of it. But I think it still appeal on a certain level to everybody. For different reasons. Yeah, I think the simplicity of it. Yeah. Yeah. So I, yeah. Not having to learn to program and not having. Yeah. So I think we can reasonably say it's another, another one. Why not? Can you just click my mouse button to move on to the next page? Yeah. And what? Do we meet the main, is in my interpretation of management instructions is, yes, it meets requirements. It's television only. It's simple to use. It's just within budget. It's, yes, and any minor points we argue. So I think we've done an amazing job in that. Well done, ask. Coming up with the clock. So we're at one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven. Eleven divided by eleven is one. Because average of one, we need to calculate it for that. And that roughly concludes my evaluation of the product. Okay. The product. The table. That's all. Right. Do either of you want to say anything? I don't think so. I mean, we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we're looking at in the industry, and we can, you know, seem to discuss things very well and come to a group consensus. Well, that's right. I mean, this slide here, I mean the satisfaction with the room for creativity. I mean, I think we've allowed ourselves as much creativity as the product allows. I'm not coming on leadership team work. I think we've, I think everybody's worked pretty well together. with the stock code with the whiteboard and digital pens. I think the results speak for itself and the idea is found, again, given relatively everyday product. I think we've very effectively come up with a new approach. Are the costs within budget? Yes, is a project evaluated. We're all happy that it meets all the criteria. Thank you very much indeed. Thank you. I think we can go for an early path. So I call the meeting closed. Not sure if I had a schedule we were there.