 Almost. There's one more thing I have to get out of the, I have to make sure that this attachment will open. Okay. We'll open that one. Time is right. In the meantime. Okay. Let's see what this thing does. Just like come up together and disappear one of them. We came up together. We're good. Okay. Are we ready to start? Okay. It's now quarter of four. This is another 40 minute one. So it will end at four twenty five. Okay. Right. Our agenda is as before, for me to open the meeting for us to go over the previous minutes. Then for the two of you to present your prototype and for you to. Sarah present the evaluation criteria. We then have a finance aspect, which is a spreadsheet, an Excel spreadsheet. And I know what you're all thinking of. Oh my. Because we're only given a 40 minute time period to get it all in, including the production evaluation. So we're going to make a very fast track. Okay. So as you can see, that's what we do next on this thing. So the first thing I have to do is close this. So that I can get to. Where is it? I need to open mine. I know that I want the minutes from the previous minutes. That should be the minutes. Yeah. Okay. From meeting three. Is it right with you if I don't switch it to show? Just use it as is. This is where I can more easily flip it. Okay. Obviously all of us were here for the last meeting. We reviewed the previous minutes before that. Each of you major presentations. We discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations. The market trend of fruit and veg. Spongy. Fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy. We decided chip on print would be used. We would use plastic with a rubber casing. I think was the consensus powered by kinetic energy. There is no decision made on a curvature or double curvature or straight. Perhaps the prototype will give us an inkling of that. Looking like a scroll. But it's really a push button technology excuse my spelling. That was actually in use. That is behind the scenes is push button which we according to Kate have a very good grasp on doing that in production. We decided that separate fashion will cover your fruit and veg. It might be a separate product that could be suggested to management. And as suggested yellow with black buttons with a company logo. A slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us. We did have a few production issues and coordination of the various bits. We had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints and we ran out of time. We had to follow that up and prepare for the last one. And we closed as it ran out of time. Is that a fair presentation of what happened? Okay back to this meeting. We're down to the prototype presentation. Alright over to you. Well. To. Yeah well we see we each made one we didn't have enough yellow dough. This is one that I made. It says curved easy to hold hand held nice and small with big easy buttons. This is like a scroll but they are push buttons and they enter takes you into the different menus. Of course we need someone who's experienced with the television satellite. I mean this is the infrared thing that's going to zap at the television. I'm not quite sure how to make that but I'm sure it will work. This is on of switch because I think we do need that. I think it gives it a nice balance and it's going to have the logo imprinted on it. In there. As for what it's actually made of well the function of these buttons is up down left and right in the different menus. So the position that just means right on it easy to see the main feature of it. It's just a simple design simple lack of buttons all over the place. Alright. Forum curved kind of smooth hand held makes it feel nice to hold material. I think Kate's going to tackle that quite a bit but I think we have two different options because we did make another one which is in the shape of a banana. If you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons like just like this but in the shape of a banana which is also nice and easy to hold and feels good. And as a similar sort of scroll push button technology just slight different sign on off switch and infrared. I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic so like I guess like an existing remote control but molded and smooth. Whereas we thought like with this one or mix and match just we were going to see what you thought that a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons. So we have the two options we can follow either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber depending on cost restraints and what we, well what conclusion we reach when we discuss it material. Yeah that's what I have to say about material. Can I scroll down on that answer? Well color I think I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons because that's the company colors but if anybody's got any other suggestions I'm quite willing to consider them as well. So it depends what you think about these ideas. I don't know very much to add the case, the case can be either spongy rubber or hard plastic but absolutely sure about a combination of the two but it can be either those we have the technology to do that. And as for the actual components. As Steph just said this is a quite a cheap device to manufacture we have simple rubber push buttons which provide all the functionality we need. The diode that actually does the infrared is at the end it's the stalk of the banana. It's just the end of this version. So that's for material color, well Steph's the expert on color. We don't have any particular restrictions on that. As for the fruit or organic theme, this one is obviously fruit shaped. This one has no obvious connections to fruit but because it's round and moulded it kind of makes you think organic. It's actually really kitty. It's more like yeah you'd expect it to be like a child's sort of toy remote control instead of a real one which I quite like that. Sorry, image. It's very big and chunky and child friendly. Would you care to examine the prototypes? Hold them and see it, you know. The curvature is up to your liking. I see the on-offs in the back. If you're doing a tirade and then you just thumb. And it was partly we thought the design looked better. But it could be moved if marketing feel it's important to have the on-off button in a different place. I could see this thing unless it's reinforced having a problem with the breaking. That's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it because it would be rigid. I like the fact that on both of them the cues press are prominent. Yeah, we really like that design. It looks just like a logo, that arrangement of the keys. Like a compass point, you know, just up, down, left and right. And we think we could make that quite a good feature. It's like the iPod scroll wheel. Yeah, but it's also like Jack's. Yeah, yeah, I mean, that's what it makes me think of. Mobile phones, I was thinking. Give me something like this. What does that remind me of? And it's a very simple design. There's not a lot to go wrong. The components are cheap to make. It's also in terms of being lost. It looks quite different. You know, I have several forum remotes and they are the same until you get a close. Yeah. You know, this is really identifiable. I mean, the thing is we do need to develop our technology of, I mean, actually how to program the menus and what sort of text box is going to appear at the bottom of the screen. But we do definitely think that it's a viable option. The next item is evaluation. Okay. If that's if you finish. Should I take the power? Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation. And the method here is to evaluate the new remote control in terms of the user requirements and the hot trends introduced by the marketing department. So this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by the consumers as well as incorporate all of our insight into this evaluation exercise. So I'm going to go and use the whiteboard. And I've made a list of criteria to look at. And so I'm going to, I'm going to leave this up as the last thing, but for the evaluation, it's going to be one is true and seven is false going over these different criteria. So one through seven faults and I'm going to now use the board. So, um, fancy technologically. Easy to use trendy. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. And then I'm going to go over the options. I think we're good. Okay. Thank you for everyone's help with that. And we're going to raise what's called a spreadsheet that they provided to me. Hand dynamo battery kinetic solar cells. Kinetic is, and how many of those will we need per just we only need one. Yep. Simple because we just got push buttons so we can do it with simple which is the strip of the cheapest. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do we say plastic? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Because the rate we're going we can put the rubber on top. And then we're going to put the rubber on top. And then we're going to put the rubber on top. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. We went over all those things and we're satisfied with all the above. Yeah. I'm not sure what was. Okay. So, we're going to put the rubber on top. And then we're going to put the rubber on top. And then we're going to put the rubber on top. Yeah. Okay.