 Okay, well I think we're ready to begin. Right, my name's Adam Jugger, we're here because of real reaction. We have in the group. Ebenezer, I didn't say. He's like a T-sporter. Yeah, go for it mate. And he said. And he said. E-R. Ebenezer, your role is. I'm the marketing expert. You're the marketing expert. Okay. Next we have. Tyre Grammer, C-A-R-I-K, and your role in this is. Industrial designer, industrial designer. And lastly we have Dave Cochran. And you're going to be the user interface designer. Right, this is the agenda for today's meeting. As you can see, opening, acquaintance, tool training, project plan, discussion, and closing. We already got through opening and partially through acquaintance. So the reason we're here, we're going to design a new remote control, as you probably all know. The very broad overview is original, trendy, and user friendly. Of course we'll have to go into a bit more detail of that. But personally I think that the original is going to be a very key aspect of this design. There's a lot of remote controls out there anyway, so we're going to need something that's really going to set it apart. This is how today seems to be going to work. Now the 3K faces, as you've probably already been told, the functional, etc. and the detailed design. The first one's going to be covering the user requirements back, technical functions, working design. The second seems to be conceptual components properties, materials. And the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far. Of course you've all got the similar emails, I believe. What can I say? Every user? Do you want to draw your favourite animal? Sure. White bush. Okay. I'm going to make this quick since we don't have much time. Okay. Okay, so it's not the best picture in the world. Here we have an elephant. First point begins with an E, same like Ebenezer. Also elephants have a very good memory, much like myself. And I can't remember back when I used to live in Nigeria, but I think I used to have a pet elephant. So elephants are big, strong and gentle, and they have great memories, and they begin with a letter E, just like Ebenezer. Brilliantly done. Thank you. Eric, would you like to have a shot at......a bit of artistry? Let's go all the way. Oh, I can clip them to your belt. Oh, I think you should also have your little bell mic on as well. David. Oh, that's good. We can clip them on. Yeah, there's this microphone as well, that's you. What, how did I put that? Just somewhere... The other... it's just a corset, I said. Yep. Is this what we clipped? I think so. Yeah, it'll follow you if you... It's really good. You can probably stick it in your pocket for now, I wouldn't worry too much. Which would have been great. Yeah, destroying your outfit. It's a good point. Maybe. All right, here we have a tiger. I always love tigers. They're big, they're big as cats. They're a project on cats at the wild ones, a kid. And it was my favourite cat just because it looks the best. It stripes orange. My dad used to talk about... he's from Bangladesh, so he used to tell me how they'd done money as a kid. And they're just the most feared of animals in the wild. So that's why I like them. Don't say them, end them at me really, but... Excellent, thank you very much. Steve, you'd like to have a dash? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Monkey. I have a three-year-old daughter who is affectionately known as Miss Monkey. Monkeys have attitude, which I think is a good thing. And from the point of view, there's a study of human evolution. And I love rhyme, it's terribly interesting. This one seems to have perhaps more attitude than most. Thank you. Hardly what I'd call the best drawing in the world, but it'll do for now. Also not quite as feared as your average tiger, but cats are one of my favourite animals. They're very independent, they're snotty as hell at the best of times. And what can you say? You've got all of those qualities in an animal. I think we've all managed to master every whiteboard there by looks of it. So, on to it, project finance. As you can see, 12.5 euros per unit. It's not a terrible lot as far as I'm aware. And we're hoping to sell them for 25. If we're aiming for 50 million euros, we're going to have to be selling an awful lot. That was property, that was a amount, so that's the amount made. Yeah, for 50 million, and if you're making 12.5 euros in each one, then awful lot need to be sold. Okay, now we better actually just get on with the meat of the project. So, I'm going to guess that we've all used remote controls. Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market? Well, one thing I'm aware of is that there are very high price end of the market. There's an emerging market for touch screen LCD remotes that can be programmed in much more sophisticated ways. You can re-design the interface to your own needs. You can program in macros, and you get a much greater degree. You can get three and one five milliliters, but you can get integration between the different things that are designed to control, and you can have a much greater extent. You can have one macro to turn the TV to the right channel, get the re-rewind the tape and the VCR and get it to play what's its rewind, for instance. It occurs to me there might be a niche for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality, but using a conventional push button design, and therefore putting it into a much lower price bracket. Okay, yeah, that's true. With the price range we're looking at, going for a touch screen would probably be possible. Yeah, but you think, again, something to control multiple units in a simple fashion. Yeah, I mean, I see, I mean, you get ones that you can switch between multiple units, but something that could operate between multiple units in a more integrated fashion. So, an ideally something into which would have some at least limited facility for running macros. Would you be idea something along the lines of one on button would turn on, say, the video recorded the TV, maybe the sound system as well, all in one go? For instance, I say, or, you press, say, the play button for the DVD player and it turns the TV on and on to the right channel as well. Okay, that sounds like a good strong idea. Any takesness? I've noticed that gaming is becoming quite popular with television. When I was younger, we used to play games using a cable, using the cable, subscriber cable providers. But our remote controls get worn out really easily, and the remote controls not a great kind of keypad for playing games. So perhaps one that was more specialized for game playing or interactive television. They recently brought out this new remote control for people to set their favorite channels to record things. Instead of people entering in what time things start, you simply start a slide of bar to save what time it begins and slide a level bar to save what time it ends. You know, that's... Yeah, I've heard I've seen the barcode design before, yeah. It's taken out the... you don't have to be really clever to use the remote control. I think the gaming, you know, you want some big buttons for up, down, left and right, shoot. You want to be able to change angles and then to write to television, so you need buttons to change the camera angles and stuff like that. Okay, well, we're beginning to run out of time now, so we've got a couple of ideas. We'll have to work fast. As you can see, we've got 30 minutes until the next meeting, so we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality how the user interface might work. That'll be a key aspect, especially if the idea of some kind of macro facility because you have to program it. You have a lot of response back, or at least some kind. And we're going to maybe try and have to figure out what the user wants. What the user wants, yes. Right, has anybody got anything they'd like to add at this stage, anything they think that might have been missed so far? I don't know, but I think we're going to have to have a lot of time to talk about gaming, so I think they should have some sort of stick on it rather than other things. I don't see why not almost everybody's probably used to a console by now, and all of them incorporate small dpads on them. In fact, even the mobile phones these days are beginning to use them as well, so it's probably an interface that most people are used to. And that could allow easy navigation, users of joystick as well. Can you feature that would be a good idea of building a building? It's to make something fairly ergonomic, something that fits as comfortably as possible into the hand. It's a bit more of a slightly unconventional, attractive shape for it overall. And something that's just a little bit different, slightly sort of biomorphic and far. Maybe we finish this one up, we'll get started, I'll write up what we've kind of quickly done, and I'll get it out to everybody. I'm far as I'm aware we leave the microphones here, unless we're told otherwise, and just take the laptop for us.