 Okay. Oh, that's not going to work. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. As you all know, we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. I'm Nick Debusk. I'm the project manager. We'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing and what your role is. Go ahead. Okay. I'm Corinne Weiden and I will be the marketing expert and in each of the three phases, I will have a different role in the function design phase. I will be talking about user requirements specification and this means what needs and desires are to be fulfilled and I'll be doing research to figure this out. In the conceptual design phase, I will be dealing with trend watching and I'll be doing marketing research on the web. And then finally in the detailed design phase, I will be doing product evaluation and so I will be collecting the requirements and ranking all of the requirements to see how we did. Okay. Hi, I'm Ryan. I'm the user interface designer. Likewise, I have three different roles for each stage of the design. The functional design is looking at the technical functions of remote control. In the concept design, the user interface, how the user reacts with the product and the detailed design, sort of like the user interface design, what they might be looking for, things like fashions, what makes, how we're going to make it special. That's about it. I'm Manuel. I'm the industrial designer in this project. In the functional design phase, I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements. We'll discuss what functions the product has to fulfill and so on and so on. I suppose we'll work pretty much together on that one. In the conceptual design, I'll be mostly dealing with properties and materials of our product. The detailed design and the detailed design, I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself. Pretty much working together, obviously, on the design. Okay. We've got our opening, our agenda is the opening acquaintance, which we've kind of done. Tool training, project, plan, discussion, and then closing. Grant tool of 25 minutes we have here. We are putting together a new remote control. We want it to be something original. Of course, we're not only an electronics company, but a fashion conscious electronics company. So we want it to be trendy. And we want it to be easy to use. We've got the functional design, conceptual design, and detailed design, which basically is the three of you. Well, functional design. Do we have any ideas of maybe, let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have? Then we can go into how we're going to design it and how we're going to do the detailing on it. Well, functional remote control is just a change of channels. It's a main function. So we want it to be a TV remote or do we want it to do other things besides just be a television remote? I suppose trying to make it a universal remote can work on all sort of electrical products in one person's house. But they all sort of have the same role changing channels, volumes, and then programming. I think they all work on the same principles. I don't actually know. Tyler, but is it just infrared? Is that sent out? I think, yeah, universal remote. This is my first go around with creating remote control. So I think we're all in the same boat here. One thing I thought of when we were in remote control is you always lose them. Okay. So I have those away I find them quite easily. So we should fit you. But our remote control up to where it has a tracking device. Like a tracking device. Or you get those. Or like a... You whistle. I'll make a noise. It makes a noise. There's a button on the TV that you press. Okay. Do you get it? Genuinely all remote was a sort of quite similar in their appearance. Yeah. It's just long. So they're kind of like long and rectangular. We want something crazy. We want something new that's going to stand out. I think so. A modern. So our remote should be. It's very close to a ball. Maybe like user friendly like a little. Yeah. You know where you can use both hands like a little keyboard. People, I thought maybe because people always sent a thorough remote control about the place to one other. If it was in a ball and you got your controls on the side. Well there are of course certain restrictions. You can't have it be any form and fulfill all functions at the same time. So there are obviously some restrictions we have to apply here. However, one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be that refers to the material pretty much? What are we going to build the thing out of? How sturdy is it going to be to be one to it to last longer or rather have people. Whatever. Okay. So buy one. Yeah. So we want to be sturdy. We wanted to hold up to somebody's child throwing it across the room or as you said people kind of throw it. So ball shaped. You know, if it were ball shaped, maybe kind of cast on the outside. Okay. So we want it to be modern, fun, sturdy. So our form and our function. We want it to be easy to find. What else do we want it to do? So we want it to be universal. It's something that we're supposed to sell for about 25 euros. It's goals for profits are I think somewhere around 50 million euros what they want to make on it. So. Also, since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association, maybe we want to make it something that would globally appeal. Okay. That's more on the research end, but the marketing. The marketing, you know, how maybe marketing you could find out what is the most universally appealing remote control out there. Yeah. And maybe as far as design goes, maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences. Okay. Because maybe one won't apply to all of the countries we're targeting. All right. You guys have any ideas for what it should look like? Maybe we could draw it up on the board over there. Some ideas. We want to be a job ball drop the ball and maybe where the buttons are located. Or my original idea was just simply sort of a sphere where maybe you see where it's connected together. And then when you open it out, it could be a flip, like a flip film. And then when you fold it out the middle, maybe a hinge, that would be the strongest part of it. And then if you did use a hinge, it was just two parts. And then you'd have just like any buttons. Things inside. I think sometimes you're amongst too many buttons. So maybe as simple as possible. There's a few of those inside as possible. And then there was the idea for just something maybe if it had like some kind of light or something or lights around it, it's looking a bit like some kind of Star Wars at the moment, no? To be fair. But yeah. That was a sort of simple idea. I had any note you could feel it about. It would almost be like a ball. So that was just the idea I had. I don't have any of the others or the ideas. Right. One problem you'd get with this design is the ball is a nice idea because of its stability. But of course, since it's a ball, it'll roll. So you'd have to have it flat on the side of the beast down here somewhere. Take away that part. That's one of the big issues. Also you risk the hinges here. That's a problem. They didn't have that shallow beef. That's an idea. That's interesting, of course. But that's of course a weak point. Yeah. How would we go about making, you know, getting rid of our weak points? What? I mean, but we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball. Not to put you on the spot, but. What did you say your title was again? I'm the industrial designer. The industrial designer. So, well, the point is that. Well, maybe. I don't know. The shape is perhaps not the most ideal. Okay. As stable as it is, there must be a compromise between. I suppose there's a possibility design. I mean, I'm sure I think of like the design of others. I can't think of anything other than the long rectangle. For a more sort of faster ones, but. Yeah. There's nothing being done sort of out of. That's not new. It's not innovative. It's, you know, everybody does longer remote because it's easy. It's stable. I'll do something. So if. No, go ahead. My idea was just to have it be kind of. Like a. Keyboard type shape, you know, like video games. So, but maybe. I mean, that would be kind of big and bulky. We could also try to do the hinge then. So it could like flip out that way. I don't know. I think definitely doing something different. Yeah. It's a good idea. I mean, very design something that's sort of like. Well, suppose not always everybody's having the same, but something that would maybe fit in the hand. Yeah, it's easy. Something with a grip. Yeah. Because even I suppose even with the ball. You still might be. It's still. It might not be the easiest to hold on to. So perhaps the. The joystick. Yeah, the keyboard idea. Might work better. But again, people like to use one hand to flip and one hand to hold their soda. So maybe. Maybe it's. Yeah, I think it's definitely got to be a one handed. A one handed job. I feel like I'm just shooting everything down here. You're the boss. One handed design, you also have a problem of the size, you know, from cell phones, they can be too small. Yeah. Yeah. It's small. It probably looks better, but. It may not be as functional. Okay. So. Fortunately, we've got about five minutes here to come up with our. Remote control idea and start rolling with it. We've talked about our experiences with remote control and. We've got a couple ideas. See here. What if we had what if we had not only. Say we went with the ball, the ball function. But maybe we give it sort of grips along the side. To make it easier to hold on to. So. So it's easier to hold on to that way. Of course, that will then remove some of our. Our ball, unless this, unless this part were raised. So. Say the cover flips over and covers that part. So the grip is. No, that wouldn't work either. But if we're going to make it flat on the bottom. Then that eliminates our ball anyways. So if it were. Flat on the bottom and then had the. Sort of grips in the side here, I guess. And then we have the problem with the hinge. So if we're flat on the bottom, it's not going to roll away. It'll stay where we want. Questions also. I don't know. Do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it. That's true. It's probably going to lie around open all the time anyway. So I don't know if a lid is a good idea. The stability point of view. It certainly is. But also. You have to face it and take into account the more of these things. Break by accident. The more we sell. So. Don't make. So we don't have it flip open. We just have a ball. But then maybe go back to the. Something along those things. Okay. So then we forget the ball. It looks cool. It looks cool, but it's really not. It's not functional. So we've got our sort of keyboard kind. What if we flipped it around here so that it were. Sorry, that doesn't look anything like what you had there. So it's up and down. You hold it this way. It's like the rectangular again only with a couple of jutting out points. But it's one handed. The question is what makes those game pads functional. I think that's pretty much the form for the hand. So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy. Yeah. Makes it nice. So that's the essential part except for that I think. Yeah. We'll not probably not get away from some longer design. Because you also have to know which way around to point this thing. Yeah. Because it doesn't have a chord like joysticks do. And the batteries go weak as well. So after a while you have to point it towards the equipment you want to control with it. Show which is the front, which is the back. Is it possible to have it to where it would work with like a sensor on either side? So that either way you're pointing it would work. Of course the more technology you stick in that, the more it'll cost. Of course you can do. Okay. I mean of course it will be evident after a while. If you look at it it will be evident which way around to point it since you have the numbers and the buttons and stuff. But it's about an instinctual thing. You can just grab it and you don't have to look at it which way around to point it. Otherwise the design of the point of putting two sensors on both sides would probably work. Even if you designed it in a way that isn't a rectangle but still pointed in a direction that had a definite point. So that's your thing. Something like that instead. And there you can know which way you can point today. Okay. Sorry to interrupt but we have a warning. Before we add a time. Okay. Well, just to finish up should we go with this plan? Start making some. Are good ideas what are not. Finish now. And then marketing will look and see what people want. Okay. Project major will design a better meeting for the next time around be a little bit more prepared. And alright. Good meeting.