 Oh, I told me. I didn't know where to go. I was like, cool. All right, it is PowerPoint time. I've done more power points in this particular experiment than I've ever done in my life before. I'm just kind of fun. So here we have our detailed design meeting where we will look at the prototype and right. So I finally figured out what this whole second bullet point is about in my that my coach was sending to me. It means I'm supposed to read the minutes from the previous meeting. Oh, really? Okay, I think. I don't know. Otherwise it's just saying I'm the secretary and I'm there for I'm taking minutes. So just to go just real briefly to go over minutes from the last meeting. I will open them slowly. No? Wait for it. Wait for it. Yeah, that's not you. Wait. This is very high powered stuff here. There we go. So basically the moral of the story from our last minute last meeting was that we had meetings from we had presentations done by the industrial designer from Nathan and Ron and Sarah about what we can do here and what sort of limitations we're operating with. Excuse me, limitations were operating under what kind of risk we'd be looking at with some of the various approaches we were discussing. And we essentially came to the conclusion that we should develop a remote with their voice recognition that had a vaguely non remote like shape because you didn't really use it as a remote as you could just use your voice. It would include some mostly just a simple design features for a television operation, but with a slider full now bay for more advanced functions for users. And the the idea and the idea were asked to go ahead and start developing a prototype press to look at. So that sort of that the main. So, I'm going to go ahead and take it away guys. Well, we have a simple our prototype. What's to be said about it. We took into account a lot of things that we went over in the last meeting. And then we decided not to go for the touch screen, which you can see and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions. This is going to be the on and off button and we have these buttons to go through the channels and then to volume buttons down here. And then for the more advanced functions, there's a slide out panel here. You can see that there's a lot of things going on, but this actually can slide back in. It's very nice aesthetic when it's all put away. As far as the whole visible light thing, we decided to go with multiple colors. Why not? Of course, if that's annoying for some people that function can be turned off. Now, it's important to we talked quite a bit about the interchangeable faces. And what we've done here is come up with a bit of a natural look here. We call it fruity. Of course, that's interchangeable. I think it would be desirable for the regular product in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued, but this is kind of something that can be done. And as you can see on the television there, we have the voice detector device on the top. So that will work quite well with regard to finding this contraption. What other things do we see here? Well, if you give it a touch, it does have actually a bit of a spongey feel. So I think that will work well in regards to our market. Let's see. Clearly, there's going to be some more colors and what not available. Do you have anything else to add to that? I'm worried about the materials. The entire thing is covered in rubber coating. So it's very durable. It's not going to break like some types of plastic that's dropped. And of course, as you can see, if you touch it, it does have that nice squishy feel. It's actually important to note that the television, if there's an earthquake or anything like that, it actually is edible inside. I don't know if you noticed, but I wrote the company's name. This is actually an apple on the inside. Do we need to worry about rot factors? It's encased in a new type of product. We got a bit ahead of ourselves. I know we're not talking about making televisions. It's a way for the future. It's a couple of years off at least. But I think that sums up the main features of the remote. I don't know if you guys have any questions or whether we need to worry about any other marketing areas or anything of that nature. Did we come in under budget? We did. We did that. We did that. We didn't have to use as many microchips, which was quite nice. That's how to keep the cost down. We had a lot of people who were talking about the modern technology. For example, the voice recognition. In a lot of ways, it's just a simple remote. I think if we shopped around for other manufacturers, we might be able to get it even cheaper. On the back here, you'll notice this area here, which is actually the voice recognition console. I think it's nicely designed into the overall look. Basically, the voice recognition incorporates the latest designs that our research team has come up with. It's quite similar to the coffee maker design that we were talking about earlier. I think that has given a proven ease of use and whatnot. It allows futures like the remote actually talking back to the user. Cool. Any questions? No, no. Do we have other, for lack of a word, skins covers a plane hour? Are those going to be developed later? Once we see how the couple we have go, do we stay on that yet? Well, we didn't quite have enough material. Oh, I was expecting a prototype. I just don't know if you guys had me in mind. As you can see, this is just a most superficial layer. Something else. Actually, this bottom red ring here just unclips and then you put a new plate on top of that. We definitely priced out even spongier non-natural look materials, which I think worked out fine. We also continued on with the ideas of following apples, color schemes with kind of the light orange and the fine. It's not quite a faceplate. It's more like a pseudo faceplate because it's simple enough that in the factory, we could very easily put a different one on it. It walks into place such that it's pretty permanent. At the same time, if we want to go the other way, it's just a matter of a couple of adjustments. We could go the faceplate way, if you know what I mean. Yep, it's still an option. If we need it. Very cool. Nice job. Right, thanks guys. Very, very good work. I like it. Brilliant. What we need to discuss now is the finance of it. You've provided a number that actually sounds quite nice. The trouble is I was just given this by finance. It's a spreadsheet of the parts and I just tend to put in what it's going to look like. I'm just going to clear this out real quickly. But it looks like... If we can just itemize what's in here, it's a solar cell thing, right? Right. With a backup battery? It's in there. With the back. Okay. The voice recognition area actually doubles as the solar cell area. Clever. Well then. So I guess that would mean we've got a bit of a speaker in a sensor at the same time, isn't it? Yeah. It's just making use of the same space and the same material. In the case, it's more of a single curved case. I guess that would be the general... Yeah, one big curve. I guess you could say. We've got a rubber skin material basically throughout. Push button interface with this other dropdown. So maybe we've got two push button interfaces. Yeah. I guess we've got sort of a wood material, a rubbery type material. Yeah. Special. Throughout. I guess you'd have to mark special color in special form as well. It is very unconventional. Yeah, I like it. So it looks like a bit over budget. Just watch out this. So what we could do perhaps a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells or take out the backup battery. I mean, I think that if we were talking about it being one of her main selling features being environmental and without the batteries and whatnot. Although it does still have a battery, so I'm not sure that what the cell is on that. I mean, we could take the battery out of it. You see, and it probably worked 99% of the time, but you're going to have to set up a call center for that 1% of the time when people are calling and saying, oh, look, my remote isn't working. What am I going to do? People will be upset. I think in the long run, it's better to keep the battery. It's hard to scrap the whole solar battery idea because that's so integral to the theme that we have. Hmm. Well, it's difficult. We have all these things integral to the design of it that we just can't back out of now. It has to be. Seems like we'd have to go back to square one in a way. If we were going to try to undo one bit, we'd probably have to undo most. Yeah. Although we don't want to get rid of the whole environmental. I mean, obviously, the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marketing this is like a natural new thing. But honestly, if we cut that one piece out, we're actually coming in on the budget effect on my math correctly. You might be able to sway me on the idea that our main selling point could be already this voice recognition thing. I mean, that's what sets us apart, right? Yeah, that's what's setting us into this young market. And that's where we started from. So. I don't know. And I mean, you know, perhaps when the cell technology comes down in price, we can bring that back into the game, but it looks like at this point that may be out of our league. And the reality is, you know, for me from an ideological standpoint, I'd like to stick with the solar cell, but. I kind of have to throw myself in the business structure and model here. Yeah, I think either or I think that I think that we need to come to a compromise here and maybe move ahead with the project without the solar cell. Yeah, I think I'm fortunately that's our best option. See, like, where we're going to get below. Uh, cool. Cause we can't remove the push buttons because they're. Yeah, I can't get rid of the, I mean, removing the change in the case wouldn't be so much of a. Nor would change in the case materials. So, yeah, that looks like to be the only thing. Yeah, so that would be a major change, but. Yeah. All right, so we're in agreement on that. Unfortunately, I think we are. I think that was a good compromise. Right. Moving along swiftly. So I guess now we just go to the project evaluation. Which I will allow. That will be me. Of course, sorry. No problem. You reach. It will be great. I didn't even do that on purpose. Okay. Basically, I was just evaluating. From what we know of how our products working right now with the criteria that we set at the beginning of these are the things we needed to do. Like we feel they're important. So I was looking at basic design things. Does it fulfill its function as a remote? Is the design what we wanted to do? Our technology is up to where we'd hope they would be. And does it fulfill the aesthetic qualities that our original market research was looking for? Basic questions like, you know, does it turn on? Does it respond to voice recognition? And overall in general, it looks like it's coming up to par. The only thing is with the pullout panel, that is going to take some adjusting because of the new interface. That looked like it was coming up rough. But then once you get used to it, it does make a lot of sense. So I think overall we're heading in the right direction. Like that sponge of you. Yeah. It looks like it's going over well. The future function works well. That's good to hear. We're good. Yeah. I think eventually if we do branch out with this program, maybe when we do have higher budget options, and if it goes over with this model, we can look into wider range voice recognition, like from other rooms of the house and stuff. But for now, what we've got is working in the range we need it for. So it's all good. Really? That's it for me. Losing the solar panel. Yeah. It's okay. Yeah. It is a setback, but. Okay. Do you need the cord back? Yeah, we might have lost that granola market again. Yeah. Oh, they don't want to tell you anything. That's true. Right. So this one's a bit unclear to me to be perfectly fair. I got this slide from the coach, and I'm not sure what it's connected to. So I guess we are going to discuss. Project process. And that is going to go into my report. So I guess this is the point where we go. Out of role. It looks like and talk about our satisfaction for room for creativity and so forth. Okay. How that all worked, I guess. As in within the team. So yeah, right. It is now. But I trust that she would jump in if I was. Okay. Right. So any thoughts? We can start in these points here. Yeah. When did you guys feel about the process? You know, I think in general, for a day's worth of work, we actually were relatively productive, considering the little amount of input we had going in. And the technology has definitely been a help. It's really been interesting to try out all this new stuff. We didn't use the whiteboard at all. No, no whiteboard. We could now. And I feel like if you guys have been designing in here, perhaps that would have changed, but because of room constraints, it doesn't really matter. Also, had I not been intrigued about the pen, I don't think I would have used it at all. I didn't write barely anything. Yeah. I think I was taking notes more often than usual. Yeah. That's true. I'm not sure. It was pretty cool. I am disappointed. I didn't get a note back for my personal coach. Is he right? Personal coach. Yeah. But I didn't get her. See. What if you get a response two or three months from now? Well, what kind of coaching is that really? What if I really needed something? I think there was a lot of room for creativity. We could do everything. Basically, we wanted until the budget came down on us. And even then, we did get a decent product turned out, although it's not everything we wanted it to be. Yeah, with the natural look. It's very natural. Organic, really. They had a peeler in here. And highly resourceful teammates might add, which is always a class. Yeah. I thought it was really creative, actually. Yeah. I'm impressed. The teamwork was good. The proof that we weren't wasteful. We didn't waste a single bit of play to waste every bit. Nice. All four of those little containers. Yeah. Including the multicolored wave pattern. By one criticism is that we didn't have enough colors to work with. We only had four. Yeah. You could have developed multiple skins, really. I know. More colors. It would be amazing. Oh, well. What did you guys think about the roles? They were good? Yes. What kind of fun? It was, I think it was pretty clever because we were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and kind of filled the gaps enough. At the same time, you had enough room to kind of just make things up. Do you? Do I just feel like the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day? Yeah. Maybe it's just me, but I didn't actually get any information. That's the presentation at all. That's true. I got the spreadsheet. I didn't even get an email. Like, that was it. So, yeah, I feel like that was slightly lacking. But then, you know, fill in the blanks on your own level of creativity up. Well, I think that was an issue I kept finding with regard to what to do. Well, no, but also, yeah, when I was reporting about what each of us was doing, I was often talking to people just as to what you were doing. That was a good bunch. And then I also felt like a lot of our discussion would center around specifically what my task was because that was kind of the interface version, which is what the whole project was about. You're very much so. But, and then in the end, I think our job's kind of melded together a little more. That was fun. I think it's fun. The most helpful thing out of everything was getting the PowerPoint slides already put together. So, we didn't have that. There's no way we could have got all that done in time. Very much so. Cool. And I think your leadership was quite good. It was. She said, she actually made a comment off on the boy. You're getting into this. And I really, it's true. I did get it. I felt like I got way too into it. That's kind of a good thing. I feel like I'm a lot. You're the rest of us in the structure to work with. So, hey. So, is that the first time you're taking on that kind of rule? The first time you've ever done anything like project management. I usually organize crap. It's one thing to do, you know, set up a party with your friends. Yeah. Yeah. A little different. But you guys felt that you could keep the suspension of disbelief kind of like the role. Yeah. Except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand and I knew we were all like 14th. Look at that. I had to admit, as soon as we started, I mean, as soon as we got the play-doh. I can only imagine. You know, the whole concept of really trying to stick with reality went out the window. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe like us, you know. Also like us too, like in a game of control or spaceship. We should have spaceship like us. Do you guys ever used to build a spaceship like us? Yeah. Still everybody knows. Totally. Best spaceships ever. You guys felt like there was enough teamwork and all. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. No, I don't know. I don't know. I was just. No, I didn't actually. I mean, other than minor discussion at meetings, there wasn't. Except for the actual building. Yeah. But I feel like if this was a team project, there actually would have been much more of the collaborative like brainstorming used the board. Well, and this would have been six months worth of work, not like three hours worth of meetings. I mean, I think had the issue, being more serious, we probably would have brainstormed more during our meetings as a chair. Yeah. Of course, I'm unconscious of the idea of the project manager asking if you guys feel like there's a team. Yeah, that's kind of like, like, yeah, that is kind of. Yeah. Interesting. It's kind of fascinating, wasn't it? I mean, the whole process is. I wonder why, is there anything about the way that we got so much from it? What was the kept us from going to the board? I don't know. I don't know if there was a right. Mine was the mics. I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires. Yeah, that's it. I was afraid of the break. The mics are loose and each time you get up, it's a possibility of tripping over something. You can tangle there. Well, I don't know what I would have shown on that board. True. But it didn't even occur to me as an option. I mean, I don't know that I would have, but I know that I consciously didn't. I mean, it's just like the paper. I don't know what I really need the paper for. True. Because I've got this laptop. Yeah. And I just use it because it was literally right in front of me. I want to see the output files from the digital paper. I know. My handwriting looks like digitized because my handwriting is crap. Yeah. I mean, see what it looks like in PDF format or something. Usually I would do a lot more to doing too. I know. I felt like I needed to be professional. So I didn't like draw a paper and stuff. Okay. Well, not entirely, but still. I do have less than I usually do. I'm curious about what the debriefing is going to be like. You know, like what is the, well, exactly we're looking for here. So this is all I need to go through. I don't know. I'm not sure if the new idea is found. It is about ideas. Did it just say in an email that we need to discuss that? Well, that's the thing. I got in the email. I got this PowerPoint file, but this slide was. That slide was like that. I didn't change this one at all. Well, I guess one, the right track. Any new ideas with regard to. We're by no control concept. No, I kind of like. I think they still do their job. Yeah, you're fine. I am thinking outside the little square box though. Literally in like form. Yeah, maybe a circle would be all right. Yeah, different. It's kind of make you wonder. I mean, how much can you do with the remote control? It's like inventing a new car. Yeah, yeah, you got to be technically car shanker won't fit on the road. Yeah. I don't know. Okay. I know. I'll be back into. I don't know. I think this is. Oh, how long was I mean, it's supposed to be? 40 ish. I wish you go on a bit. Yeah, about the project you've out. I don't know, but you guys, but I felt like. A bit. Understimulated on the whole thing. Like what like, you know, what am I really doing? You know, what is. Yeah. At the beginning, it started out and I felt actually like under pressure, like the first couple. Yeah. And I was like, had like all this brainstorming I was doing. And then suddenly I was like, well, it's just another two minute presentation that you guys don't really care about. Anyway, so. I think it was the real. You know what I mean? Like we also knew when we were headed with it. So it didn't feel. Definitely. When I first filled up the question, I was marking it probably higher in terms of how much I had to, how much I stressed over it. And then by the time I got to the last, I was like, yeah, whatever. Yeah. I think it was also a realization of basically just copy and paste. Let's give it to you. Yeah. Which wasn't so clear to me at the beginning. I actually didn't do that at all though. Every single one, all the presentations, I either added slides or edit them. Oh, I added like five slides. See, I only got blank ones. I just got blank ones. What? Really? My slides were all blank. They'd have a title maybe. Yeah. And they were just empty. Like mine, yeah, they didn't come like this. Like this was what it looks like. Like with those words are on it. Literally just like that. What do I hear is always so more complicated. I just needed slides. I think I added a slide one time. I had many slides every time. With the whole new background. That was pretty cool. That was class. High moment. Oh, really? Any of the thoughts come to mind? I want to know how our product was there. I can't. I think it would fail. I think it would be expensive. Especially like that. Okay. And Apple would have read about that. He would have been high. It was skeptical. But you know the whole thing. Even you. you. We kind of designed it to look a little bit like face. Here by happy face. Actually, that looked a lot more like a tongue previous to build other design modifications. I hope you appreciate the incorporation of some taint file from a random pick at bar that had re-consumed by accident. Interesting. An interesting day, I don't know. Yeah, I'd say so. So again, I reiterate my question of how different we are compared to the other groups, especially between culture groups. I know. I know. I know. It seemed like everything flowed pretty logically, you know, from the basics to the concept. Although the whole concepts thing, the whole concepts phase, I don't think I really understood like the concept. Well, the idea. OK, connocean of functional item. Yeah, I mean, it's like I have a concept of a mug's material. It's just it is what it is. Yeah. You know, maybe rather than concepts, you should be thought of. We should. I thought of it. I thought of rather than terms of concept, I thought of it in terms of. Like. It's a proposed idea and then the final would be like the actual specified prototype or whatever. I don't know. Bono is kind of interesting. So we have more slides. No, just this closing one. I mean, if established at the cost weren't really within budget, but we could. We got it to be. We did the project evaluation based on. But Sarah's evaluation of on offs with. It was really technically an evaluation of the product, not the project. In general, which is not sure is the same thing at the time that just made more sense, but I could see if they were really asking about. Us. Yeah. Of course we did. We had a fight think about it. And it's all recorded. And what I'm going to I'm going to put. I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end. So I'll put all that into the final report as well, or as much as seems like maybe not like the articles and stuff like because and so forth. But I'll put most of it in the cards. It'd be so cool if we get a copy of the recording. I've had to done. I've done transcription before and it's really ridiculous how many words people say like just in the middle of their sentences like that that mean nothing. The whole branch of psychology that looks into that cycle in the six. What the guys are sitting here. Yeah, he's studying. Something. Yep, they're called the disfluidities. Disfluidities. That's a good word for it. Yeah, we like our fancy phrases and. Just add some prefixes sounds class here. Exactly. I will save this into the. I find myself hitting the send and receive button. Yeah. I can pull something. Yeah, I know something. Yeah. Come on, give me some information. Well, to be fair, we're hooked. We're all hooked on the internet. Yeah. So I mean, we are addicts. That's scary. Yeah, it is scary. I'll just throw on that either. I know imagine we went the first 10, 15 years of our lives without the internet. It's only the last 10 that were like what was the internet. I mean, you know, just in the past five, we've gone from 28 eight modems to broadband all the time. I think we've had internet for like 18 years. No, we have, but not in the sense. It's so, you know, my grandparents had an 80s and I got it in 94, but still it's crazy. OK. So in the 80s, my grandma does computer science back in the States. And so they had an EDU and Gov Network. There's basically the fundamental structures, but it wasn't household household yet because it hadn't been. Yeah, it was to the like seven universities or something. Yeah. That was him. You guys ready to celebrate? Yeah, that's how I said that includes like champagne or something exciting. Should probably call that meeting to an end. I think that's a closer. Cool. It's been 40 minutes or whatever. Because it's been long enough. So great. Where'd you find that? I have no idea. It's at the only song I have. There's another one. This is where I was media player. Yeah, that's awesome. The default track. Yeah. I thought it was David Burns looking to the eyeball. That's when it seems to be shipping with her, or the ship with for a while. Maybe this is a new version. So is that a close? Yeah, I guess we'll call that a day. The end of the meeting. Fab. Thank you, gentlemen.