 C Oh, it's not liking us. It went that way. Computer adjusting. architect. Okay, so. Okay. There you go. All right. You ready back there? Okay. Welcome, everyone. This is the kickoff meeting for the day. We're the new group to create a new remote control for real reaction. As you can see, our agenda is to open up the meeting, become acquainted with each other, have a little training on tools, create a plan, discuss things, and we only have 25 minutes total. Okay. The new remote control is to be original, trendy, and user friendly. That stuff is your part as the user friendliness. The originality is going to take all of us. The trendiness will probably give us some marketing research information from you, Sarah. And we'll get on with it. Okay. We have a functional design, individual work, both meeting and then conceptual design and then detailed design. Okay. Right. Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard. Kate, why don't you try it first if you can either bring your things with you, I guess. And while you're doing that, we'll try and figure out how to put these things on as well. It's raw, good. I'm going to walk around. Right. So you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal. Do you have to be able to recognize what animal it is? I think so. I think it's just to try out the whiteboard. Are we all going to draw a cat? I know. Only animal I could think of as a girl. Aww. This is sort of funny rabbit cat. You can do it, it's not a bunny rabbit by the ears. It should have a mouth as well. Okay. Great. And the characteristics. The characteristics of the cat, the whiskers I think because they're the easiest to draw. Ah, I'll give it some more. Okay. A tail. Fantastic. Since you're handy as well when you do yours next stuff. I think it's used to using the pen and the pencil. I'm sure you thought to test all artistic. But no. It's a mouse. It's not a mouse, you know. It's a wombat. So, arty. A what? A rat. A mouse, a rat. It's not as close. A rat you hurt with a very long tail. And your favorite characteristics of that animal. Dead intelligent and the cheeky and fantastic pets. Oh, very friendly. Okay. And they sit on your shoulder and whisper the answers to your homework in your ear when you're doing your homework. Thanks. Oh, a fish. Gosh, what? I think a fish that's even easier to draw than cat. This is very representational. Oh, okay. Fine. I like them because they're sleek and they have a lot of freedom, but they also do swimming groups. So, you have a favorite one. I'm afraid I'm with Steph. I don't think you're pen running out of whatever. But I'm afraid I take the cowards way out and the cat's looking the other way. He's hiding. Cats are sometimes very independent. My parents had cats and they can decide for themselves what is best. Okay. Yeah, we have to get down to the nitty gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be sold. We're to sell it for 25 euros with a profit aim, ultimately, of 50 million euros. That tells you something about how many we have to sell on an international scale. We'd be awful lot of these. We'd be like 100 million of them to make 25 euros on each one and make a total profit of 50 million. The production is to only cost 12 and a half euros per item. Now, if they cost 12 and a half, you're selling it for 25, you're making 12 and a half euros each. And we're to make a profit of 50 million. That's just, can you do the maths and how many are we selling? Yeah. I was just wondering if that's the 50% is normal markup. Yeah. I would think we'd be more like 60%. Okay. I have two thoughts. And your question is how many do we have to sell? Yes, because our market is international and your problem has to do with marketing of, you know, you've got to know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have target and who is that. Yeah. That's to give you a pretty good idea of where you're looking. So that's 4 million. Something like that. Okay. That's 50 million euros. 50 million euros and you're only getting 12 and a half each. That's a lot of selling. To be 50 before million. You have to sell 4 million. Okay. Right. Experience with the remote control. And if you use a remote control for television or DVD or something. We're both nodding. We're talking about one that will work for the home environment. Well, I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time. But I also have heard about them not working well or not well coordinated and you wind up working with this one for this this three and then this one over here for another. You're sitting on your sofa and you want to change something but it's five different. It's a one for the TV team. One for the video and one for cable and one for. They don't always talk to each other. I presume this is just for television. Don't know. Okay. Are there any ideas for the remote? What would it be for and what group would be before? We have to think about that one. We could make a Hello Kitty. Fame. I think one of the great colors. Yeah. We could totally go to Japan. I mean, there's also the cache that the Japanese make great products. Electrical. They're industrial designs. Very good. I think one that doesn't have lots of super first functions. Like I've got one at home that has well, apart from the obvious channels, channel up, channel down volume. Yeah. Subtitles mute. That's a really good point because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate, we tend to go to menus and then make choices. So if it's like a volume button, you can go in and say mute or volume. We don't need to have the numbers. We also have channel up channel down. We can make it smart like an iPod. Make everything menus. Yeah. I know this sounds like it was very quick, but the. I think that's the industrial design is the first one that's Kate for the working design. And user that's used stuff for the technical functions design and for marketing the user requirement specification. I think there's going to be a lot of we have to help each other and work through this as a group. And I think we all know we like our kitty cat and our rat and our fish, but I think we all have to like each other to get this done. As it says, we're going to get individual instructions, but I don't think they will allow a lot of extra time. So I think a little bit of less of this and more it do will set us in good stead. Do you all agree? All right. Then I don't see any reason to prolong it. And we should finish this meeting at night right now and go into other things. All right. So this is the end of the first meeting. Thank you all.