 penis Okay. Alright, that did nothing. Okay. Welcome to the meeting, everyone. I'm just going to attempt to make this into a slideshow. Sorry, guys. I need to be a professional student. I did. Twice. I'll just take it off. Well, whoa. Okay, we'll have to deal with it like this, then. Alright. This is the first meeting for developing a new product here. I'm Heather, I'm your project manager. Okay, so that was the opening. The first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another. Everyone can go around and explain their role and their name. Okay, my name is Poppy. I'm the industrial design and release project. I'm going to be responsible for the functional design phase. Also the conceptual design and the detail design for the final product. Nice to meet you, Poppy. My name is Tara. I'm the user interface designer. I will also be responsible for the functional design phase, the conceptual design phase and the detail design phase of the user interface design. Hi, I'm Genevieve. I'm the marketing expert. I'm an expert at marketing. I'll be telling you guys about the user requirements specifications for a new product. I'll be doing some trend watching in the conceptual design and product evaluation for the design phase. Alright, I'm Heather. I said I'm your project manager. Well, you can pretty much read what I'm doing. And tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today, as well as planning the project, how we're going to create this product and discuss our aims and objectives of this. Which brings us to our next subject. As a team, we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control. We want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy. Completely new style so that can really appeal to a generation that doesn't want a simple plane kind of. Channel changer and it needs to be user friendly for maybe for an example for people that can't see the numbers as well or perhaps an ergonomic design. This is the television remote control. Yes, it's a television remote control. I believe it should be taking minutes on this right now. So. Yeah. The way that we're going to go about this is we'll have a time where we can come up with new ideas alone and work on the project. And then after we've brainstormed and thought about we can come together in a meeting and discuss what kind of functional design we want to use. Same with conceptual design and detail design. So making sure that it's usable, that has a. And that it's feasible to create and. Come up with a concept of what we want it to look like. Tool train. I'll save everyone. No? Okay. Great. One thing that we're going to do is become more acquainted with the tools that we have access to for our project. One of them is our whiteboard and as a sort of team building moment. I'd like us to try out the whiteboard by expressing our favorite animal and the characteristics of that animal. Why that why that should be your favorite animal. So I'm assuming that we should do that now. Okay. Okay. With our microphone still attached to our bodies. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Two come up. This is a team building time. Okay. Cool. My favorite animal, which changes all the time. Right now it is an elk. So It's got a big air. Okay. It has Holly growing out of its head. Do you have elk? Yes. You have moose. You have moose. I mean deer. Do you have? We have sheep. Yeah. Cal. Okay. Oh, it's not really good. We have a good artist. Yes. Thanks. This is my. Very shapely. Okay. That's a sketching of my elk. It is my favorite animal right now because it is a large, beautiful majestic creature. In a way it looks kind of awkward because it's on spinning legs. But it can really overcome harsh terrain. Although it's gorgeous, it's also very dangerous because it has strong antlers. It can really combat its enemies even if it's an herbivore. But it can really defend itself. Right. Okay. Good. I'm going to take minutes while you guys are on the show. You guys express your favorite animals. I think animal level had all sorts of animals. But the moment I'm going to draw a cat memory of my cat that died recently. It is a strange story. A lot of artists have been petted with more cartoon class. I like cats because they're so independent and they always seem to be doing what they want to be doing. But that doesn't mean they're completely not sociable because they enjoy interacting with humans as well. They seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and running around outside as well as the inside and enjoying the food. Generally they just seem so cool and they just know what they're doing. I recognize they got assaulted. They know what they want. They see as well like cats. Okay. I think my favorite animal would be a dog. But I'm not really sure how I'd draw one. I've never drawn a dog so I think. I'm tempted to draw a snail coz I draw a dog. It's going to be a really funny dog coz I'm not sure how to draw a dog. Well they're loads of different types of dogs. I'm sure a representative one kind of dog. I'm a cartoon dog. I don't need to. I'm not a cartoon. That is not a quick dog. We can sort of like a person. Panokio. I draw a dog. That's because it has a lot. Oh my god. You know what it's supposed to do. I don't talk. I like dogs because they're so good to humans. They can be trained to be pretty dogs and see an eye dogs. There's just such friendly animals. The more of a companion than cats. I've got them against cats. I don't really like me so I can't like them. There's just a family and one like honey. That don't look like that. Alrighty. I feel like a robot. Well I guess had the most time to think about it. I'm going to draw a butterfly. I saw a butterfly yesterday that seemed to be the symbol of spring arriving. It was actually the prettiest butterfly I've ever seen out in the wild. I thought it was pretty cool in Scotland. It was a little pointier than that. At first I thought it was a dead leaf. It landed on the wall next to me. This part was all brown and then had these big blue dots like this. There was a green ring and there was red going out like this. It was kind of like a peacock. It kind of was actually. This part of the body was really dull and then it was the most colorful exotic butterfly ever. I'm like wow this is the middle of Scotland in the park. I thought that was pretty cool. It landed by a wall and let me look at it for about two minutes. I wish I'd had my camera. That's going to be my favorite animal because after all the snow it seemed to say that spring is finally here. Yeah. Great. Do you hear the eraser buzzing while you do that? Yes I do. Right. So now that we know how to use the whiteboard. The next thing we need to address is our financial department to meet our budget. Or not meet our budget but more like what kind of selling range we'll be looking at. I want to make this as a selling price of 25 euros. So we have to come up with a way to create a remote control where we can like the price to create it. We would like to make 50 million euros. I'm assuming that's what the M means. And make it for an international market. One thing we'd have to think about internationally is in the design of different kinds of VCRs. Things like that depending on which country you are. Another thing for the design team to think about. We wanted to cost absolute maximum of 12 euro and 50 cents. Okay so we'll have 100% profit then. 12.50. I'm bad at math. Okay. So now that that is underway. It is discussion time so this is time for us to bring our initial ideas. Suggestions that you may have so far and your personal experiences with remote controls and areas you see that could be improved in your experience with them. Does anyone have any initial thoughts? I find it in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing. So it's something we could do to remedy that. Okay. I just find that in our house the remote control always goes into things. Why is the remote control? So maybe if you could have some kind of tracking device with a remote control or something. Signal that you could find out where it was. I don't know. Some kind of alarm. You can press a button on your wall. Yeah. It's a great idea. And they always get blessed. Do you not find that, like, there's a lot of buttons that you look at? Yeah. Yeah. They don't use hot pads. They don't use. There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel. So all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something. That's useful. Yeah. It is. It's a number button, power button, TV video button. Yeah. Anything about the look of the remote control that you might have ideas about? Maybe it could be instead of like a standard rectangular shape. It could be something more interesting. Any ideas we'll do that you have at this point? It could be shaped like a conch. Maybe like a shell shaped. It could hold it. I would go into kind of novelty fact to say. Well, if it's a trendy original aspect we're going for, I mean, you're the designer to decide what kind of direction you want to go in. But at this point in the first meeting, it can be any ideas that we just throw out there. So if we're heading to have a huge profit out of this, it needs to be quite a university except a thing, like a novelty thing in my own cell if you things rather than like a general kind of more acceptable. But we don't want to go to a boring because that one's alright. And key issue here is being trendy and original. That does not necessarily mean it needs to be outrageous. Yeah. All right. We have five minutes left. So just to cover. We have one more thing. You can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. Our next meeting will be in half an hour. Say, half an hour to think about what you want to present or not present but bring to the meeting. ID, whatever that stands for. Industrial designer. Industrial designer. After remembering these things. You'll be beginning your working design. You ID the technical functions design will be worked on the next 30 minutes. Let me be how this can be achieved and we need the user requirements from the managed marketing expert. You will get specific instructions of what to do in the next half an hour and I'll see you in half an hour. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.