 Minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we had decided on goals for each of you. However, there are some changes that I've got from on high that are a bit... Well, I didn't actually realize it was that the... This is for a specific television. Okay. So, they're all in one idea because I don't know. And they require that they... Actually, I'll get to that as you see. Point number four. And we'll get what we've got. And then we can see what we can do that from it. So, presentations where you... Anybody got... Wearing to go. Wearing to go. Okay. So, I need to plug you in. Just a......inspired design. Do you want me to move? I'll just go................................................................................................................................................................................................ Well I like that design. I mean you could have a, you know, as that just switches on the speech recognition and it's entirely speech operated. So I think I missed the budget thing. It was 50 million euros. Yeah. And we got to solve 25 of them. Yeah. Not a problem. Okay. I have to know in euros, we've got a... They're perfect. We've got to make profit. So we're making that at 12 and a half. You know, it was a time. Well, I guess more realistically then. We need a product that's got some kind of nifty outer casing, cheap plastic. You know, that should be just like a tenth of the price maybe or less. An energy source which would probably just be regular batteries. Okay. Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea? Is that... One little base station or something? Yeah. Yeah. We could do that too. I hadn't thought of that. Yeah. That might cost more though because obviously with batteries, we don't need to provide... Or we provide the first batteries, but... Yeah. It's more... It does cheaper. Right. I mean, if you think about these train stations, though, it's essentially just a lead with a sort of self-connecting break in it. Right. So... I don't think I'd up-up price that much. The user interface... The canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons. But since we're a cutting edge company, we of course will have alternatives like speech recognition. Whistling recognition and rocket power. Okay. Okay. And lastly, the transmission interface is just some engineering thing. You don't have to worry about that. Okay. So here's a great schematic that my apprentice designer gave me. As you can see, the remote control have parts and those parts, look like that, and... It's got a... Well, operating procedure. It looks something like that. And... I suppose we all know how it works, because we've all used it. And we wouldn't be in a company designing remote controls if we didn't know what they were. So... Personal preferences, I think... Programmable options, which... Just require a small amount of memory, non-volatile memory. So the user can put in their favorite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings that when they turn it on, it's not blasting. That's a good idea, actually. I like the programmable options. Yeah, you do. Oh, okay. And the bells and whistles that we mentioned, you know, you take more budgeting, more technical expenditure of effort. And it's also much more likely to not work, if you add the bells and whistles. Yeah, okay. That's all I got. Okay, thank you very much. I'll take that back. Okay. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Right, also. So, um... I know it's got not very long before the meeting, so... Bit managed to forward it onto you, A's. Let me see, I'll find it for some. Mmm. Yeah. Oh, I think it's good, and I'm just... Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. We had that to... This include teletext, because it's become outdated, nobody uses it in it anyway. Mmm. Um, oracle would have to say with that, but no way. Um, it's only for the television, which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television. Okay. And instead of colors and sort of color options, they want corporate color and slogan somehow implemented in the new design. Corporate color. Yellow. Yellow. I presume. Um, everything, all this sort of, you know, the corporate website and everything's yellow. Mmm. And the logo, the sort of slogan we put the first fashion in electronics. Uh... I don't know exactly how sort of, in corporate, I mean, I guess if you're going for a sort of globular search. Globular shape, you could kind of have it working its way around or something. Mmm. Uh, where are my hands? Tch, tch, tch. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, we have to decide on which functions we're going to actually have. Okay. Uh... Now, we had as listed options, we had... Speech recognition, potentially. Flat screen interface, LCD interface. Um... We also want to limit their number of buttons, so we'd pretty much take that one as red. We'll use the basic functions for a television. No......color text. Um... Although the danger of that is, it could look a bit cheap. Not enough buttons, you mean that? Well... So, strike a balance between a few in a... Mmm. Or it looks like we're just cutting on the, um... A number of buttons kind of... I do, however, have this from over my head. Mmm. Okay. They don't want teletext on me. Okay, cool. Um, maybe, Raj, you could find out what people would think about that, or maybe they'll say... Oh, well, of course....some information about that. About, um, what people... Other people would require, um, teletext. In the teletext option, in the remote converter. Attached. Okay. Mmm. Okay. Mmm. So, uh, I take it, your position now is that the bells and whistles, we've got to come up with the......a gimmick, but not too complicated a gimmick. Yeah. Um, so... I mean, the sort of inkling I'm getting from a little bit of, um......webchatter that I'm getting sent is that they're quite interested in a TFT display, interactive display. However, that does sound a bit like the......more complicated design that......rav......ASO, Raj. Um......said people didn't like it. Mmm. Although, I guess, if there's a sort of......think about standard interfaces that people use already, sort of, window style......drop down menus or whatever. I think maybe that's... Yeah....going a bit far, but, you know, like in a basic sense, that you could have your basic selection of buttons. And if you hit a sort of menu at the top, you have......um......it goes to a different selection of buttons. Yeah. So, it keeps it simple. Okay. Um......go in the dark, is that sort of with a light inside it, or is it sort of... Um......go in the dark material. So, I guess that would be too thin of a light. Obviously, something about this. Yeah. Uh... Actually, I think it's really, really, really important point. If we look at the market, those people, 50% people, they find that the remote controls are......of a low somewhere in the remote, in the room. But from last, we found... Yeah, a low. And means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time. But if we add speech recognition, as well as glowing the dark, then both these factors will help their locating their remote control. Like, if they come and speak something and the remote control......uh......replies to something, something. And it glows in the dark. Both these factors, uh......both these points will help them to locate......these where they have kept this remote control. And this will definitely enhance our......market sales. So, we should take it into consideration also. Okay. Cool. Um......speech recognition will take it. Oh. I don't... I......know products. Um... There actually... There was a remote control. There was a remote control. It came out two years ago that had some basic speech recognition on it. You could program it with your channels, and then you say, you know, like, BBC One, and it goes to that channel. Yeah, it didn't work very well, though, because of this noise and interference problem. They mentioned, you know, if the television says you are listening to BBC One. Yeah. Or, yeah, an advert for BBC Two on BBC One will switch the channel for you, kind of like... Right, right. And so there's a lot of this. You'd be watching the TV and then all of a sudden it'd pick up a noise and turn it off, or, you know, or turn the volume on or something. But if you can work around that noise problem... Well, what about... This might get a bit too expensive, actually, but......what about, um......something that's built into the TV......that you can press and it'll send out a little signal, you know, like, the ones that we can't hear. Or something. I don't know how to do that. That will activate the remote control start. It's beat. So, like, a kind of backwards remote......with the current. Yeah. And then it would do just, you know, subtractive kind of cancellation of the noise. What you could do then would be you have a remote control by the TV speaker. Or not remote, I'm sorry, a microphone by the TV speaker and the transmitter there. It sends back to your remote because you can't expect the television manufacturers to put that feature into the... Yeah, that's the only thing. Yeah. Then you have, like, a little separate module by the key sticker. That comes with our remote control. Right. And then the remote control will know what's being produced by the phone. So, basically. Right. Right. So, it'll be cheap. Right. Yeah, that's certainly possible. Then another thing is about this losing their mode and trying to find it again. If you do have this sort of speech interface to it, you don't even need to find it. You just say, you know, whatever you want the remote for, you know, to change the channel. Or to turn the TV on and off. You just shout your command to it and it'll do it for you. It fits within, you know, within hearing range. And, you know, it could be somewhere in the room where you have no idea where it is and it still did its job. That could also be built into the TV there, which might make our remote control a bit obsolete. Yeah. Well, hopefully we'll do it with your head up there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I like the whole sort of remote feedback thing. So, I think rather than, and that also kind of takes out the speech recognition in terms of the interference and not working very well and things like that. And that's. Yeah. And expensive time. So, I think if we're going to go, well, I mean, like to think about the problem with the TFT or the LCD kind of thing is if you're also wanting the, kind of a organic globi sort of feeling to it, then you might have trouble incorporating the screen. But I guess not. I just, just pretend that's not the problem. And how are you about to go in the dark until you're always like, maybe not even all of it, because we said colors and fashion, important. So maybe just like a little line that's kind of around the outside and then you can make the rest. Yeah. The materials cheap, but it's just the, the glow in the dark material needs some light to charge it. You know, if you're sitting in the dark for too long, it won't go long. It's down under the couch cushions, which is usually the same mine. Okay. Well, we can use it. We can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick, essentially. Yeah. Because what I thought, maybe. We're going to have to, if we're going to have a logo on as well, bright yellow logo, you know, or, it's looking. Then, you know, they're going to be fairly bright and colored anyway, and you can have sort of a trimming as well, if you go in the dark material just as a gimmick. Because yeah, that, more than finding it, that was more like, you know, if you're watching the film in the dark, you can still see the red color. All right. So that was more of it. If we're going to go with the idea of feedback, so the finder, then, that kind of stuff, that one. I think it makes it fairly unnecessary. Yeah. Okay. So we've got to do, we want to go with the TFT idea. Yeah. We're getting a few tricks now. I think, I mean, I think, I think they're sort of finder things. I mean, it's a good point, but we're right. And so I keep diagramming for that. Well, I think our consideration too is that these are, the most good abused, like, you know, you get thrown around. There's a good chance that the TFT screen would break or get damaged. They're pretty fragile. So is that one of our definite requirements that they will need to do? No, I mean, that was going on, Raj's sort of marking research, I guess. So stick with sort of programmability for the buttons that we do have. So that's sort of included in your sub module kind of stuff. You were finding out about teletext. Are you going to find that? I think we're going to scratch the speech recognition as a bit of an expensive now. Oh, no, it's much cheaper than the TFT. It's just a micro program and some integrated circuits. It'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system. All right. Okay. Well, that kind of takes back the RF remote sort of idea as well. Five minutes. Okay. Decisions. Vote. Let's vote. Who wants TFT? No, it doesn't. Excellent. It's a speech recognition. Yeah. Speak recognition. Limited buttons. Organic design. And what else was I thinking of that I haven't written down in the full phone. Yeah. Programmability. Glowing dog. Okay. And also integrating the member to integrate the logo and the slogan. Okay. Okay. So can you put all these reports in the project documents folder at the end there as well? So it just helps me summarize. Yeah. And I'll put anything I'm putting anything I do in there anyway. So. And where is it? Project documents. On. So should be when you say my scenario controller on your desk. So go save as. Is it in shared document? And then that little folder up thing. Put your project documents. Yeah, it's on your desk. All the way up. That's the desktop. Project documents. I can't. It is not giving anything. And I will try to get strings of information. I'll try and forward any specific to anybody in particular as soon as I get them out of them as well to sort of tell you about the changes before the meeting. Did you get my email? I did. Okay. What I thought as well about the material is maybe not this kind of material, maybe more like this kind of rub ring material is a bit more bouncy. Like you said, they get chucked around a lot. A bit more durable. That can also be ergonomic. It kind of feels a bit different from all the other micro controls. The rubber. More sort of flesh-like and plastic. But we have to take care of the lines. We have to take care of children. If children catch old, if they're chewy, they shouldn't be too harmful. So whatever material we use. Oh, no. I think with the more organic shape that it won't be as much sharp corners as that. It's good. Smells good for children. We have to clean the out of the box and make the thing a big red ball, thumbball. There's no buttons at all. It's always on. And just yell at it. The color doesn't have to be all yellow. Please, God, no. My reaction to an all-yellow remote control wouldn't be anything other than horror. So I think just having it surrounded in a logo. It's a small yellow strip or yellow skin. I'll see if I can argue with the boss about putting the... Oops. I can't believe I forgot the wrong. We put the fashion in electronics. Oh, yeah, it's a good one. I bet that'll catch on well. Okay, any last words? Okay, stop. I know what you're thinking. Okay, that's much time. That's good. Okay, that felt a bit more like something with the arder and the reason to it than the last one. It's quite fun actually. Wow. Has anybody pressed OK? It's quite bright. Wow, you've got the more I think. I don't want to waste it. So I've finished the meeting now. Oh, I have a bad question. Do, do, do, do. Okay, that's it.