 Every time we do something we get home. Alright, I'm attached, I'm here. Here? Here. Excuse me. We are, the meeting will have about the same format as the last time, so I'm switching over up just left and left first two screens out. I have mailed to you the minutes of the last meeting, just to save time. Okay, cool. And, is there any questions you have for the right from last meeting, particularly bothering you? No, I don't think so. Okay, cool. Then we shall start with a presentation from that. Yeah. I've made a joke again. In this meeting, I'm going to discuss about the trend watching. How this trend is going to affect our market potential and how important is this. So we have to look on this. First of all, methodology. The methodology to find out the trend was done in a way. We have done a not only recent remote control market survey, but we also considered the latest fashion trends of the market, because we think that this is also a factor which will affect our sales and profit. So, what are our findings? In our findings, we have seen that when we did our remote control market survey, we found that people do have preference for fancy remote controls, which look and feel very good. Rather than having a functional look and feel good. So, this clearly indicates their preference for the design, their outlook of the remote controls. So, we should consider this factor as the most important factor, because this factor is twice as important the second factor, which is further twice as important as the third factor. So, this factor becomes the most important factor in our mark, means in designing our remote controls. The last one is the most important one. No, the first one is the outlook of the mobile. It should have a fancy outlook. It is a fancy design. Rather than just having a functional look and feel good, it should have a fancy look and feel good. The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically innovative. We must have some technological advancement in the remote controls rather than just putting it as it is as the other remote controls are. So, it should be technologically innovative, like glow in the dark or speech recognition, something like that. So, that indicates our technological advancement. And the third most important aspect in this take into consideration is that it should be easy to use. Like, it shouldn't be too much complicated. There shouldn't be too many buttons on this remote control. It shouldn't be too complicated like this way. And customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language, something, so that they could know how to use these remote controls. When we did fashion, our recent fashion update shows that... Sorry. We're in vegetables. How do you know how we're going to incorporate that? Yeah. Yeah, we have to, because you can see how people have related their clothes, shoes and furniture, everything with fruits and vegetables. So, the world is now changing its strength to our organic, becoming more and more organic. We're going to make a big sponge running. Yeah. That's very good. So, something like that we should do. Okay. And people, the feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look, hard look. Well, that's good. That's only kind of... Yeah. So, that they could play with it while handling it. Okay. So, that should also be taken into consideration. So, these are my views. Okay. The spongey, not real spongey. You can think like rubber would be good. Does it really want to be? The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable. Okay. That we can take into account. Yeah. It shouldn't be have any harm to the environment also because our company is very well adapted for taking all these concerns into consideration. So, we don't want to have any harm to the society. Okay. So... Cool. That's all. Pretty much. There you go. Just why I think of when I think of... I remember control. Yeah. Next slide. Okay. Okay. Are there any factors that weren't important in the survey that they said we don't want to? We didn't find out any such word. Yes, there could be, but we couldn't find out any. Cool. What is it? Functionality. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're so enthusiastic. No. You're sick. No. No. No. Is that undo? Yes. Yeah. Is that sifting? Yeah. Okay. And then F5, right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, the interface concept. Yeah. The interface specification. What people, how they interact with it, basically, I think. So, the method we looked at existing designs, what's good about them, what's bad about them, and looked at their flaws, we're going to look at their flaws and everything. And what the survey told us and what we think would be good. So, a bit of imagination. Okay. The findings. I've got some pictures to show you. That's the rocket. Yeah. Okay. So, most remote controls use graphical interface where you have got buttons and you point it rather than having the output as a stream of text or something. And we're also found that there's inconsistent layout which makes it confusing. So, I think there are remote control. There is some inconsistency already in existing between remote controls, but I think the standard kind of shape and play and those kind of buttons like the top right for on and off or something. I think people find that important because it's easy to use. And we've got some pictures of some new remote controls to show you. Do I press escape F5? And I'll just escape. Escape, okay. Oh, I still haven't got the glasses on. Yeah, okay. So, these are some of the pictures of existing ones. I'll just talk you through them. This one is voice recognition. And that's the kind of idea we're going for. There's an LCD thing which we thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us. This one has a kind of scroll like a mouse. Middle button. Yeah. But I'm not actually sure how you'd use that. It's kind of like scroll. If I'm thinking of the right one, I've got the same thing in front of my monitor. You scroll it and then when you reach the sort of menu item that you're acquiring, press. It's like the LCD one, is it? But the one below that has got a little scroll function on the side, but I presume that the functions must come up on the TV screen. Yeah. I think that's what that is. So, these are just a few ideas. Again, that's just quite boring shape, grey. It looks quite space-agey, but too many buttons, I think. And that one's the right thing. Looks like something else. Yeah, it does look kind of dangerous. This one I thought was really cool. It's got the program and ability function that we talked about. You can put it in there. It's a few kids and it's quite an organic shape and the little circle around there is pretty cool. And that's really easy to use, bright. So, I like this one a lot for our design. I think something like that would be good. Of course, yeah. I mean, the one thing I think about it, but these ones is these secured areas. I've seen a lot of them with the cover of missing. Right, yeah. So, like, have a head and shoulders. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So, maybe that could be built into one of the things when it comes up on the TV or something. And this one, the oversized one. I don't know about you, but I think it's a bit too gimmicky. I don't think that will sound very well. I mean, is that not sort of just the blind or something, is it? I guess so. I don't know. I think that's a bit... Blind or watch TV. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And this one is just pointing out... I like some of these things, the raised symbols and everything, but it's pointing out that this one, the volume, it's kind of pressing down, but it would actually go up because of the shape. So, that's a bit confusing. But the buttons on this, I think, are... it's just showing you how you can have different... different buttons. I don't have to be all the same. So, that's quite cool. People tend to recognize certain shapes to do certain things. Yeah, exactly. F5. So, there is some of the findings. So, we need to combine those ones. And I've just got an email from our technical department. Saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in. Yeah, it is. Just entirely, very handy. So, I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good. You program it, like you say, record, and then play, and then record the same machine and stuff like that. So, that's... and it's much... Yeah. So, that's quite cool. Personal preferences, just an imagination. The raised symbols, I thought, were good. The LCD. It does look smart, but I think maybe for our budget, do you think that would be a bit too expensive to have the... The LCD. Yeah. And the other stuff, I think. And the speech recognition. Because I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition. But in our market survey, we have seen that people are willing to pay more. But they want the quality. They want fancy look. They want some new design, something new. A lot budget. Yeah. Yeah. So, even if we increase our costs a little bit within some limits, and we give something new, technological advancement, as well as new design with fancy outlook, I think we will meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales in the market. I'm not sure if it's a 25-year raised... 12 euros 50 manufacturing costs, the thing that might... I can't see. Although, I mean, three... The LCD. Sure, they have got... I mean, they are going crazy with the LCD technology now, so that you've got your LCD TVs and everything. So maybe the small one. But I mean, like, I have the black and white, I guess. It just doesn't look funky enough. But, I mean, like, even mobile phones or whatever, they have color LCD screens. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't know about the cost, so... Uh-huh. And, if I was not withstanding, is it too complicated? Is it going to be too much overload? Yeah, that's the thing, because... It will be easy, because there will be on LCD screens, there will be different, different icons. They can just click, click, okay, whatever they want. Yes. When you use the remote control, you never look at it, right? Yeah. You're looking at TV. Yeah, that's true, yeah. And it just seems kind of like a... And one of the survey findings was that they were... And one of the findings was that they wanted it easy to use. So, I think, I'm not sure about the LCD. It's a great and good idea, but for our budget and for... The thing we're trying to go for, easy to use, it's not the thing we should go for, I think. Child friends, I thought this was good. As you pointed out, the bit... It often goes missing, especially with children. But it's a good shape, and the organic is kind of... We could make a vegetable-y kind of round shape, I think. So, which vegetable? Yeah, I know, carrot. So, since we're going for the company colors, I think your lemon wasn't that important. Yeah. If it doesn't work, you know. But we don't want it to be lemon. Yeah. The child friend, the easy to use, it seems crazy. She's like the different shapes of the buttons and stuff. I think that's a good idea to take care of. I like the colorful buttons as well. Yeah. And the mouse one, I thought it was a good idea because people use mouse. My mouse is now with this scrolling thing. I mean, we are marketing to sort of......35 to 35, so most people will have common content. Yeah. So, they'd be able to use that. As I said, I think I'd presume it would come up on the screen. Yeah. So, there you go. That means you get to bump that bit to the TV makers. Yeah. Yeah. So, that's the user interface. It's low. Okay. Take this out now, then. Okay. Okay. There are a lot of options that we're going to have to choose from among. Yeah. And I'll give you the technical considerations for those. I don't even use the whiteboard just because we haven't used it. Yeah. I was just thinking to self-tune back. So, who I'm going to do this is we're going to take a look at some old and old controls. See how they work. We used the final kind of......and I'm going to use the whiteboard. The final kind of essential pieces of it. And then we'll throw in our new innovations and keep it all within budget. So, looking inside a very simple amount of control. This is what they sent me. Okay. Here's the competition, I suppose. You open it up. There's a circuit board inside. And there's a chip, a processor, the TA11835, which receives input from the buttons. This is just a standard off the shelf kind of a chip. Right. It's very, very cheap. Like this would cost nothing. Yeah. So, that takes the signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it sends to the amplifier, which is made of some transistors and amplifiers, op amps. And then that gets sent to the LED light, which I can kind of see is a little red light bulb at the end. And that sends out the infrared light signal to the television. So, this is kind of the bare essentials that we need to have in our remote control. That's what it defines. So, can we make them to pretty much any size we like or is there a minimum? No, I mean, this is very old one, so now with a new technology, this is going to be a minimally small. Almost a key thing. Right. So, this is what we need to have for a certain. So, as I said, we've got the outer casing, the tray off the side. You know, it's going to be the board we have to use this, the same setup. And then we have the processor, we'll probably use the more advanced processor that I had, amplifier and transmitter all standard. So, for the casing, this email I got from our manufacturing team, you know, we have a bunch of options from wood, titanium, rubber, plastic, whatnot, latex, double curve, so lots of choices, what do you think? Well, I mean, latex has a kind of spongy feel to it, doesn't it? It's very elastic for sure. Yeah. And that would also give a kind of durability. And it's also relatively cheap to cast. So, I'm going to base a sort of plastic, initial plastic with a latex kind of sheath. So, I hear a plastic latex. I like the rubber, the stress balls, I think, you know, that could be a bit of a gimmick, like it's good to hold. So, something would give to it? Yeah. Okay. And that might be quite durable and easy to chuck around. The color is yellow, right? Yeah. Or at least incorporated. Yellow incorporated, yeah. Okay. I mean, if we're going to, I don't know what other standard silver kind of other parts. Yeah, the buttons, like, because there's going to be the cover, the rubber or the plastic casing, and then the buttons in probably two different colors. Or if we're having buttons, actually. So, yellow, and body. And then what color for the buttons? I quite like the multi-colored buttons. Yeah. So, multi-colored buttons. You do have ones like playing, could be green or on and off as reds and stuff like that. Yeah. Or, yeah. Makes it easy to use. It makes it easier to use. It doesn't look too childish. Yeah. That's true. Because that blue one did look quite challenging. Yeah. Although, I mean, this also comes to shape as well. I mean, if we are going to make it a double, I mean, double curved sounds good to me. If we're talking about some ergonomic and easy to use, that would be comfy. Yeah. Okay. So, the shape, what we want to go. How exactly? Like an hourglass kind of figures that were you thinking of? Or just like it. That'd be, that's sort of comfortable to hold, easy to hold, so you don't drop it. What? Yeah. We could make novelty remote controls. Well, yeah. We could have a big banana shape remote control. Because it's yellow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And a lemon might be a little bit hard to print. But then how would you print it? Yeah. How would you point it? It doesn't matter which I need to print. We could have little LEDs in each end. Maybe we could have some ink. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate this idea because then this will help us in our advertisement also and we can relate it with fruits and vegetables, the people's choices that whatever data shows that. So this. Would you, I'm sure a rather banana idea. So, it's fun. Yeah. Rubber banana. I mean, yeah. Okay. That does seem again childish for me. Yeah. I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetables shape. What else did you say about fashion? The fashion shows that fruits and vegetables. Like people now. And sponge. And a file. Yeah. So it has a stem perhaps. Maybe. Yeah. It'd be some. Like what's that? I don't even know the name of it. So I'm kind of, you know, it's like, it looks like a little snowman kind of thing. I don't know the name of that. So it looks like this kind of. Yeah. That's what I was thinking. Like a gourd. Yeah. Maybe that's like that. Like a squawk. Because that you can hold it in like the bottom bit and. And it has a clear top and bottom. Yeah. So you know, transmits from the center. Yeah. Why the hell not? I don't know. What do you think? Well, I guess it's kind of, you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit. Yeah. Yeah. Then only we can relate it. Yeah. Something. Yeah. Exactly. So double curved. Single curved. Yeah. Or we can do something we can design two, three shapes and we can have a public survey. Let the public choose what they want. That's a good way. That's a good idea. Okay. I guess since you're the marketing guy. Yeah. Sure. Okay. And buttons. Did we say different shapes or buttons? I mean, for the specific functions, you know, up and down, play stock. They've got, I mean, they've got standard sort of intuitive things that are always used. And. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. I like it. With a scroll wheel or no? Yeah. What about the scroll wheel? Speech recognition. Speech recognition, I think. So we need a microphone. I can put the microphone. Yeah. That's the microphone. Yeah. Worship. I mean, are we sure that scroll wheel does give ease of use? Yeah, I'm not sure. I mean, those ideas I saw were just for inspiration, I think. I do not do this for you. Yeah, I can. No, I'm not sure. Okay. Well, we can do some user tests with scroll wheel. Yeah. Yeah. And I think if this new software for the same recognition as any key point, keep it in the microphone. So should the microphone be just anywhere on it? I would put it sort of substantially. So it's. Yeah. So it can be sort of held and really, really going to need to hold it if it's going to be a voice recognition. Not what we can. Oops. So let's not use the whiteboard anymore. Oops. Oops. Easy. Oops. Sorry. And so what else was that? The, what about the glow in the dark thing, the strip around it? We just can leave that? I still like it. I like it. But that's me. Because we've got the technological innovation with the speech recognition. Yeah. Some of it is just going a bit too far. I mean, we are pushing it probably because of the fun and the shape. Yeah. And don't want to sort of. Especially with yellow. I don't know. Because I mean, like, I mean, how good is the speech recognition thing? Do we want to go for buttons at all? Do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit? You put it in the fruit bowl. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and then you just work from it. I mean, everybody's got a fruit bowl in front of the tail. Mm-hmm. It could even encourage healthier habits for television watchers. Yeah. Make them think of fruit. Yeah. Yes. Make sure they don't eat their mouth. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Do we need to? I mean, I think of a fruit that could sit. So then the pen lay on its own, like an apple. It's just apples. So yellow apples. I quite like the shape. I quite like the design of that. Because that could sit on its own. Yeah. It's quite, got quite a sturdy base. Groovy. And as we say, we don't want to be too ridiculous with the fruit things. Yeah. Yeah. About the speech thing, it doesn't have to be handheld. Of course, it can set a distance. Yeah. So, I mean, like, you could actually... Yeah. We can do one thing. We can just have a remote control and casing some different different shapes, different fruit shapes in such a way that any casing could be fit into this mobile general piece. So whatever people want, like, if somebody wanted it in banana shape, we will put that casing onto that mobile phone. Absolutely. Okay. It will look... And yeah. Yeah. He said about disposable things. Sorry? Yeah. Like, if this is a mobile phone, we will design casing in such a way like half of... We need not to have a full cover. Yeah. We will just have a half of cover, okay? Like, if somebody wants it in banana shape, we will fit banana shape casing onto that. So it will give a banana shape look. If somebody wanted it in apple shape, we will design that. We will put apple shape casing on that. It will give apple shape look. So in that way, you can have any... Means whatever you want. Okay. Without... Yeah. We need the buttons in the same place. Yeah. Buttons will be on the upper side. Yeah. Buttons will be on the upper side. Yeah. Buttons will be on the upper side. Lower side, we will just put the casing. So half of that will be looked... Oh, half afraid. Yeah. Not the upper side. So from lower, you can... Means while you are holding from this side. You can have banana look or apple look, whatever. So in that way, we need not to have different different shape, mobiles, everything. We will just design cravings through shape. Okay. I think if you are going to have a fascia, then you want to have it so that it does go for the buttons. Because if you think about it, if they are wanting it because they want to look at it, if they are using it, and what they want to look at is facing away from them, it doesn't really... You know, because that would be in the palm of their hand. Yeah. Unless you have sort of... You have the buttons option on one side. You get the fascia on the other side with the microphone so that you can place it face down. And you have got the fascia. And you can just talk at them. Mm-hmm. That'd be... Okay. So... So you have narrowed it down to half a dozen options? Yeah. So, I guess we decided on the material, right? So that's spongy, latex, rubber, everything. Yeah. And the color as we got down. Yeah. Your shape, maybe we'll just make it kind of mix and match type of shape or... Well, because... Well, I'm not sure if we should go so far on the whole fruit thing because I think we should maybe just take the inspiration from the fruit. And because... Okay. We stick with what we've got later. Yeah, I think we're trying to get to 25-35 year olds want it quite trendy as well. They said they want it something that looks fancy. And I think maybe fruit could be a bit of too much of a gimmick but something ergonomically shaped and organic, like good to hold based on fruits and natural things like that. Okay. Because already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow, you know? Mm-hmm. I mean, we could make it a nice pale yellow. Well, it's kind of got to be our company, so... Okay. So, again, I mean, like we could have, I mean, we could quite easily have the main body be a difference. Yeah. Maybe we could have that pale yellow and then an outside bit bright yellow with, you said, the logo. The slogan. The slogan. Yeah. Because... I mean, even if... I mean, not necessarily that the whole body has to be of the company color. So, you know, blue and yellow tend to go through well together. So you have main body blue with the yellow, local and slogan running up one side of it. Yeah. Uh-huh. Sure. Okay. As for the energy source, you know, almost every commercial is just batteries, but we don't have to be limited by that. We can use a hand dynamo. Uh-huh. I think it's basically the more you move it, it's got everything inside that just kind of powers it. So those watches that you see. Yeah. Oh, it's a dynamo? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like with those watches that you... Yeah. So it's fine too. It's not working. I just keep holding the reaction anyways. Yeah. But, but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo? Uh-huh. These type of cells because then people have to like if this hell is out. That's a leap of navigation too. Yeah, too. Especially if they want to use it specifically as voice activated. Yeah. Because most of the people... And they have to pick it up and then activate it and then yeah. Okay. That's true. Right. Um, while we have an option, there's solar power. Uh, solar power will also not be a good idea because then they have to keep their mobiles outside. And the day's when there is no solar sunlight. I'm with Raj on that. I think. Yeah. I've got north facing houses. Yeah. I think we should rechargeable. Uh-huh. Battery will be a good idea. They can... I mean, how about that idea that I thought, um, just on the basis of like reading them with batteries and that kind of bother. And we're very environmentally friendly. Yeah. And we have a rechargeable stand so that not only it almost stands but, um, for using it as recharging it but also for using it as sound recognition. Like a hand, like one of those portable phones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So, uh, a rechargeable battery. Yeah. Yeah. Um, the user face the buttons. I guess we talked about this very much. On print puts, sorry. Nevermind. Yeah. The electronics, um, basically the more features we add. Um, so the more features we add the answer chips we need to buy and put in, which adds to the cost. Um, but, uh, I think we can keep it all in the budget. So, yeah. So the speech thing you said are, are technology research and development department came up with some breakthrough. So, and if we're just having buttons on the speech then we're getting our cheapest option of. Chiping. Right. That's good. Okay. We're kind of, um, I've just deleted that whole thing. Um, we're kind of running at time. So if you could. Um, Was that you? That was your bit covered up. Yeah, that was just accidentally deleted what I was supposed to see next. Um, yeah. So, yeah, I'm sure I think. Yeah, mine seems to have turned off. I just touched the pad. It does. That's the bad. No. No. It's actually shut down. It's on, but there's no. Okay. Um, now what we have our next meeting in half an hour. What I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay. Oh, I guess they do it. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. So, um, you know, I mean, luckily we chose a nice simple shape. Um, and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches. Okay. That's great. Save everything to the shared documents. Oh, yeah, I hope I can recover this because of that. We deleted it. Which doesn't really help me much. I think I saved mine already. Yeah. Can you say if I send that last one again, please, Raj? I still can't find it on there. Uh, it was under a different name. I will show you. In shared documents. Okay. Uh, but the components. Oh, you didn't get that. No. Okay. I will put it in shared documents. Um, yeah. Project project project. Project documents. Sorry. I put it in the shared documents. All right. That's actually that it goes there automatically. If you put it in project documents, project documents is on the, um, desktop. Right. But I can't open that because it asks for some username or password. Okay. I'll show you. All right. I think, um, hold on. Yeah. I don't know if you, it just can't just came up on my, um, on my agenda. Um, presumably this clay somewhere. Um, Yeah. That's good. Whoops. Light, light, please light. Right. There you go. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Quite. We're using this sort of basic chipset. So. Sorry. Yeah. You have to keep your pen separate. I used your pen. Oh, sorry. Okay. Still didn't manage to get that. And although that's so we have the chargeable. And. Okay. Okay. Okay. See. Cool. Fine. I knew that actually the sort of engineered it so we ended up making a difficult shape. It's for cruelty. Yeah. Starth rate. I mean, like literally make it sort of buttons and everything. No, we can do buttons. Um, we are going to discuss something. Uh, no, I think that's a discussion over and less anybody's got questions. Confusions because I'm confused. Mm hmm. Let's get. Um, we'll probably get a question in a minute. It's, uh. Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. We're going to a warning finish meeting. I wrote it up. I'm going to be going to a document. My project. There we go.