 Here we go. Welcome everybody. I'm Abigail Claflin. You can call me Abi. Let's see. Powerpoint. That's not it. There we go. So this is our kickoff meeting. And I guess we should all get acquainted. But should we all introduce ourselves? Hi, I'm Kiara. I'm the marketing expert. Would you like me to talk about my aims at the moment? Or would you like me to just say a minute and then we can talk about... I think we'll get around to that. Just in production. My name is Kiara and I'm the marketing expert. I forgot to say I'm the project manager but I figured you all need that already. I'm Stephanie and I am the user interface designer. I'm Krista and I'm the industrial designer. So here's our agenda for today. We're going to do some tool training project plan and discuss main clothes. So our aim is to produce remote control that is original, trendy and user friendly. And to do this we have to... There are certain things we have to consider about functional aspects and conceptual design of the thing. So... Oh, there it is. Functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll be covering these things. So we're going to try out our whiteboard. We'll draw our favorite animal to sum up the characteristics of that animal. So if you wanted to draw it and then talk about it or just draw it. Yeah, both. Those dots. You have to decide these dots a little bit. Any volunteers? Anyone know what they want to draw? We're going to think about it for a second. Does it have to be functional, trendy and user friendly? I don't think so. Okay, I'll draw. Okay. Okay. Okay, my favorite animal is... Oops. A dolphin. Yes! It's like plain dictionary. I guess it has a thing on top too. It's my dolphin. So what characteristics do you like about your animal? I like its tail. I think dolphins are really smart and they're cute and they like swimming. That's cool. They're graceful. They're so sleek. They're sleek and they look intelligent. I don't know. He doesn't look that smart. I don't know. I think it's cool the interaction or the things that the reasons people seem to like. People are sitting on the beach and they're like, oh look there's dolphins. They jump around in the water and they're happy. They're mammals, but they swim. Does anybody else want to draw their animal? I suppose I can draw an animal. Oh, there goes the tongue. It's a cat. I don't know if they sleep all day. Do you want to know? I don't know. I have the cat as well, but I've got to spare one. It's a spare one. But it's harder to draw. Of course. That's really nice. That's really good. I think they're very pretty. They go well with the environment and I like the way they run. I used to do horse riding and they're just very sturdy and nice animals. I like the way they feel. Under their hand. That's pretty much it. This cord. I actually haven't thought of anything yet. It's a pig. I'm thinking we should design a remote control that's water resistant, strong and furry. And furry. It's a pig. Sorry about that. Moving on. Our selling price goal is 25 euro. And profit aim is 50 million euro. I'm guessing that we're not actually in Scotland. We're in some European country. And we hope to sell this internationally. Sorry, can you just say that what are our price goals again? I'm not sure. How many should we sell then? Any one of math petition? I know. I don't know if these mean because they're not. I guess we have to reflect on our experiences throughout controls to decide what we would like to see in a convenient, practical, nice remote control. So do we have any initial ideas for how this remote controls should be designed or how the buttons that you have? I think one thing is that it should be easy to find. I was thinking that too. I think we should design something that has like a, so you can, like somehow, like, you always know where your TV is. So you should have a call button. I've always wanted that. You can push a button. I mean you have it for the portable phone. Yeah, yeah, so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control. And even I think a little light or even maybe a vibrating thing. I don't know, but something, because it's usually under the sofa. Yeah. In which case you're going to be, but if it has a sort of signal which isn't only something, I don't know if it's expensive. I don't, yeah, I mean, it'd be cool if it's enough. But like, I mean, just, I mean, like your phone even just has some, like, it can vibrate. It can light up and make noise and I don't know. What if I had something like, just like a magnet on the back of it and you could, I mean, just to have some place to put it besides like a base, you know, like a portable phone. Yeah, if it has a base. Yeah. Like just to have a home for it. Yeah, yeah, I mean, because people just stick it on top of their TV, but the point of having a remote is not to have to walk over to the TV. Yeah, that's why it's always in the couch. Yeah. In the couch. I don't know. It seems like though that that would be hard because you're not going to be lazy anyway. And we should design couches that have their remote control. Yeah, so the project is now couches. Even just to attach it to the, you know, if you had a thing, a pretty object attached to the wall, but that would really make it more expensive. But it's only a plastic thing. Yeah. Something like that. Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose or something like that? Bigger? Not, well, it needs to be sort of hand, hand, and disaster. I don't think you need to. Not huge, but. But definitely not. It can't be that hard to put some kind of a noise on it. No, it can't be. Or like a light thing, you know. I don't know. Space ship. Yeah. Or make it mobile so it runs around. It comes. I'm fine, you. That would be really. I'm sure we could do that for 25 years. I don't mean to base. Yeah. Okay. So what do we think this remote control should be? Oh, no. Oh, it should be. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay. That's what we have left. I also think though that I should have too many buttons. Because I hate that when I have too many buttons. Yeah. I mean, I know it has to have enough functions, but like. Just have like 8,000 buttons and you're like, no, you never use half the time. Yeah. What if. It might be a little fancy, but what if it had like a little screen? had like a little screen so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions. That would be cool. Like the way mobile phone does. Yeah. I mean it just seems like so you could like if you have I don't know if you have satellite if you have a hundred channels you can the way you do on your radio that you would you call it. Yeah but you can program so you can program like your favorite channels. So like if you had a... Would you have the screen on the thing or do you have it on the teles transmitting the screen? That's something we could decide. I guess they would go together somehow. I don't know because I don't know if it's expensive. If you have if you use a teles screen because a teles already a screen then you can sort of have a programming function really easy sort of arrow up and down on the remote and then use a teles screen. Right. I'm thinking of something like not it's not on the button but it's telling me what to do. Is that what you know? Yeah. It's like you see those you know people I'm thinking of like celebrity cribs kind of things when like they have all those these things at their house you know their entire house is so electronic and they have like this one master control that and it's like a handheld like turned on everything sort of control and it has like a screen and like so I think it should be possible to have some kind of screen. It would probably most be expensive though. But like mobile phones have screens. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. We have to remember our budget is 12. Yeah. 1254 to actually make the device. Yeah. We have to see how much that would be. Awesome. We can find out. Yeah. The other thing you said that thing about robust and water. What was the word? What to resist? I thought I thought, ah, spot on. Good feel. Tucked, tucked tile. Good tactile feel. Maybe something that doesn't make your hand sweat a lot. Yeah. That's quite a good way. Maybe just like a simple thing to have a clip on it. So you can clip it to your... Yeah. Like that's another clip. We should probably start wrapping up. We've got some initial ideas that we can all look into and come up with some new ones for the next meeting which will be in over the 30 minutes. So, yeah. The industrial design? What is it? It's going to be looking more into the working design. So I guess you'd be looking at about some of the things you discussed about screen and that sort of thing. What is the UI? That's me. What is it, Sam Vergut? User interface design. So that's going to be more technical. I guess maybe the working design has also to do with the physical the way it looks. The working design is the structure. Yeah. What is technical functions? Exactly. I don't really know what... I guess you'd have to find out. It says on the email. It does but I just don't really write down what mine works. It said what effect should the thing have? Okay. Yeah, like in working design. Okay. Be a medium between you and the teller. Yeah. Yeah. So, all right. Now it works. Okay. All right. I want to ask. And the Emmy... What is this? Marketing? Marketing. It's working. So, I'll be working on the user requirements. Yeah. Okay. So I guess that wraps it up. I'll see you all in 30 minutes. I just did.