 making a profit of 50 million euros. So it's going to have to be pretty trendy. All your more controls I've used usually come with the television. Yeah, fairly basic. Yeah, I was thinking that as well. I think the only ones that I've seen that you buy are the sort of one-for-all type thing. Yeah, the Universal ones. Yeah. So presumably that might be an idea too. But it's 25, you need a lot of neat features. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean what, 25 euros is about? I don't know, 15 pounds or so. And that's quite a lot for a more control. Well, my first thought would be most remote controls are grey or black. As you said, they come with a TV, so it's normally just your basic grey, black, remote controls as functions. So maybe we could think about colour. That might make it a bit different from the rest at least. And as you say, we need to have some kind of gimmick. So I thought maybe something like if you lose it and you can whistle, you know that? Because we always lose our remote control. Okay, that's cool. Yeah, being as a marketing expert, I would like to say like before deciding the cost of this remote control and other things, we must see the market potential for this product like what is the competition in the market? What are the available prices of the other remote controls in the prices? What specialty our remote controls are having? And how complicated it is to use these remote controls as compared to other remote controls available in the market? So before deciding or before finalizing this project, we must discuss all these things. Okay. Like, and apart from this, it should be having a good look also. Because people really like to play with it when they are watching movies or playing with me or playing with their CD player and with 3 player, like any electronic devices, they really want to have something good having a good design in their hands. So, yes, all this. So we're looking for... We think the size would be for this. Sorry. As you add more buttons to the remote, sometimes it gets so big and clunky. It's just like 100 buttons on it, or it could have a really small slim one with any velusities. Yeah. Kind of, maybe more like a PDA, kind of just handhelds. Because... Remember, we tried to make it for 12 years, 50. No, I wasn't. So I was thinking of the screen of like... Okay. We'll have to... We'll have an alarm meeting a half now. Okay. We're still looking to a bit... Actually, no, I'll keep. So you do the looking around at other low controls. Yeah. If you could maybe come up with sort of shapes and suggested shades or whatever. And you could look into... Basically, how it's made. Like, how you make it all in one, how... What sort of materials are available to you, whatever. And obviously, other instructions have come from the personal code. Right. Which are probably just to be zerked by I say. So you want me to look at shapes and everything you have? Shapes and colors. Okay. Basically, how to make it attractive. And design. And you could go up to the side. Yeah. And do they? Go. Okay. So we have... Wait for emails? Okay. Okay, Gruby. And I'll get... I don't know. Okay. I can't imagine these... Okay. Oops. Okay. Okay, let's go. I guess I'm willing to do that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.