 Okay. So as you guys know, ISCO is too small. Well, the building is too small for our group. So we're moving to a new building. It's going to be the building across the street and we're actually moving in three weeks. But the problem is that the administration wants to know who's going to be in what office in the new building and where we're going to put things like the printer, the fax machine, all the big equipment. And the catch is that they have the final approval of where we put people and equipment. And they want to know where we're going to do all of this by November 2nd. So that means basically next Tuesday. And since we don't really have any other time, we have to make these decisions today. What we're getting is nine rooms for a maximum of 18 people, which is okay because there's only 15 of us. And all the rooms have windows, luckily. So there's no fights about who gets a window and who doesn't. There's two views, either of the old town or the mountains. And the rooms have various sizes. There's two three people rooms, five two person rooms, which are on the corners of the building. So you actually get windows on two walls. And two one person rooms. That's pretty much what the building looks like. And then you have the number of people per room. The courtyard, because we're on the sixth floor, you can actually go out to it. But it just means that the windows look out onto open space. You can see the bathrooms. The elevators are sort of further down the hall. The purple bar at the bottom sort of on the right is the mailboxes. All of the windows open. You can get out onto the terrace just like we can in our normal building. And the equipment that we have to put somewhere are, like I said, the photocopier, which is really big. A fax machine, which is not so big. And the printer, which is relatively big. Each office has a white board, a bulletin board, and a coat rack. No cupboards like we have in the current offices. And each person gets their own chair, their own corner desk. So like the ones that we have now. A small filing cabinet with three drawers. And by small, I mean they're about that tall. And one sort of hanging shelf. So we don't get the bookcases like we have now, but just one shelf that's attached to the wall. And the people that we have to place, you can see the list there along with their position and the project that they work on. And I guess the question, the first question is how we want to organize people. Whether we want to do it by rank or by project or, I don't know, put all the PhD students together, all the professors together. That sort of thing. So the idea is that we come up with a plan. There's another group who's going to be working on the same plan later this week. And then Andre and I have to do presentations for the university administrators on the second. So I have to come up with a plan. Possibly if we have time of presentation, a quick presentation with arguments for why we think our plan works best. Okay. So anyone have any ideas or I guess? Do we know if there will be a lot of people coming across the whole in terms of security stuff? I mean, my idea is to put the photograph here and the facts in the whole. Yeah. I think the security is sort of the same as it is in the current building. So as long as the things are physically attached to the wall so they can't be removed, then it should be okay to leave them in the hall. I was just a question of whether you're printing sensitive documents or whatever. So we only get one printer for 15 people? Well, we get one sort of networked printer. And then I think some of us have personal printers. Nothing Susan has a personal printer. Gisella has one maybe. I can't remember who else. But no one else gets their own printer. In terms of equipment, it's sort of the same thing as we have now. So what I'd propose is that we sort of discuss various concepts without getting into specifics and then go off and think about it over lunch and then come back later in the day with sort of more specific proposals as to exactly where to put people. Does that work? Oh, and on the map, the little half circular, well quarter circles are doors, which I'm assuming you figured out but just in case. And there's just the one room that actually has two doors going into it. The three person room? The three person room on the right. And do we need a room like a reading room? Yes. Yeah. A lot of people were saying that they wanted to have a reading room. That's a good idea. So we should leave a space for that. And we can't because like I said, maximum 18 people in those rooms and there's only 15 of us. And I don't know if you noticed but two of us are only here half the time. So Martin, David, are half the time at the EPFL and half the time in Geneva. So sort of keep that in mind, I guess, when you're doing actual planning. The first split we can do is between administration and researcher. Yeah. I mean, it's a completely different work. So we can deal with administration and decide something for administration and then the other. Yeah. But Giselle is really the only administrator. Yeah. But at least deal with that particular situation. Yeah. And then see with the other because I was thinking Giselle is quite, I mean, Giselle's work is quite noisy because it's secretaries. So you get lots of phone calls and stuff like that. And she's always moving around. Yeah. So you won't share an office with Giselle unless you have 50% and another 50% Giselle is working. Yeah. Which is another condition. Which I don't know if we can assume that there isn't going to be any overlap between them. So I don't know. Maybe we can decide that Giselle is having one of the one person room. Yeah. I would suggest that too. Yeah. Are there that are maybe put her in a two person room with the equipment or like with the photocopier or maybe not the photocopier but the printer? Yeah. But at least the thing we know that Giselle is going to be alone. Yeah. Always with equipment. Not with a hundred percent staff and staff worker. Okay. So that's a one person room but we don't know how big they are. It's hard to tell. I mean Giselle has this funny typing thing. Yeah. I mean the rooms aren't tiny. If you look at this. The facts. Yeah. So probably she should get the facts right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. And then I think the main discussion we should have is if we want to make group of amongst the same project or among the same title. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Couple of professional assistant or yeah. That's more conceptual question than a practical question. Well the third option is just completely mix everyone up. Yeah. Which some people say is better sort of for group environment so that you're not stuck only with the people who are working on your project. Yeah. Right. So if you share an office with someone who's on a completely different project. Yeah. You find out about that project but you also sort of interact with other people on a more regular basis. Yeah. But still I find it's quite easy if you are with people who work in the same project in the same way because you have the meetings or people come and ask you discuss things maybe I don't know if it's for other people who's not working the same project. Yeah. But we will have this reading room. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Would it be dedicated for reading and for studying or can we have meetings that can reserve it for meetings? I think it's not a question of reserving it because there's other rooms at the university that you can reserve for a meeting. Yeah. That's why I read it. But if it's empty then sure you can use it for a meeting. There's nothing wrong with that but I think if someone's already reading in there it's not fair. Yeah. To go and kick them out just because you want to have a meeting. Well the problem is you have to go across the building and it adds some overhead every time you want to have some short meeting and discuss some issues. Maybe we shouldn't call it a meeting room. But if you're reading a short meeting you don't really make an appointment for it. Yeah. You just kind of go to someone's office and go down for a coffee or whatever. Yeah. Because there's still the cafeterias that you can use for informal. Yeah. The other thing we should take into account is if you receive student or not because Marianne and I interact with students and we have reception hours and stuff like that. So it means you get time where a lot of people come along and talk. Yeah. And the other Marianne does too. Yeah. So maybe that's really nice to have to share on a fist with somebody like us having a lot of social life. Well but then you either share offices with each other. Yeah. Which doesn't really solve the problem because chances are you're not going to have office hours at the exact same time. So you're still going to have like unless you get individual offices. I don't know if there's an easy way to find a solution for that. Because even if each of you share with the professor then it's the same thing for the professor. Yeah. Yeah. But it is something to keep in mind. Unless you end up sharing an office with someone where your schedules completely don't overlap and then you schedule office hours when the other person isn't there. Some people come in around 11 and some people come in around 8. Yeah. But that's something we can't reasonably assume like that. No. Make plans with that. No. But you sort of see people's patterns. I mean. Yeah. Even if it's not always like that. I mean if it's like that. You know 80% of the time. Then. But you're right. We can't make assumptions too much. So people would like to see the office organized by rank like professors and students. I don't know. I think. Well it's up to us how we do it. I can see benefits of both. Yeah. But. One point I can say by experience it's really hard to share an office with three people because it makes much more noise that only being two in an office. Yeah. Plus the computers. That's the computers. So. And we all know what it's like to have five computers in your office. Yeah. So we might be it might be a good idea to first exclude one of the three person room to be the reading room and not to be necessary a room with three people. They're working. Yeah. But if there are people coming in. I mean we have these people working for two months who come in the summertime or something. I think we should reserve a little bit space for them to. So. Yeah. That's a good point because if we take the three person room out as a reading room. It's good. Then everyone has an office right because it's maximum eighteen. So take away three spaces and you're down to your fifteen. Oh yeah. And you're right. If we do have a stegier or whoever comes in. Then we have nowhere. Well we can put them in the reading room but that kind of defeats the purpose. Yeah. Yeah. So the other solution is to say okay we use the three person room but only with two person each time and leave a spare space for the Chinese somewhere. Yeah. But avoiding having three person full time in the same room could be a good idea. Yeah. Or again find people who don't work in the same hours. Yeah. It doesn't completely solve the problem. So for the reading room we will have a two person room. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Anybody agree with that? One person will be too small anyways. How about this room? The one on the bottom. Yeah. The bottom in the middle. Yeah. The one on the right. It has three windows so I think it's two. Two? Well which one? There's three two person rooms. The middle one. That has two windows. Yeah. It's. Which is fine. And still a big room. Big black stripe is the windows. Oh that's all. That's the scene. One between the big. Oh okay. Yeah. Sorry I should have explained that. But what about the other one which has only one windows but in the courtyard it may be more quiet. Yeah. But then you don't get a lot of light for reading. We have electricity so. I hope. Really? It's a question. I mean it's quite noisy outside with the streets and. On the sixth floor. I don't know. Yeah we are on the sixth floor. I know. I like the idea of looking out over yeah. Me too. And stop reading. So it's a relaxing room. Well I mean that's the whole point right. It's just somewhere to get out of your office and go and do something else for a while. Whether you're reading or just kind of staring off into space. Yeah. You can look outside of the window if you have a quick meeting there. So what about one of the room in the corner? So you have three windows. It's even better. Yeah we could do that. Well I don't. But you have less wall to put shelves and stuff like that. Yeah. If you intend the reading room being more a library all. We have some shelves like cabinet type shelves for the reading room. But it's not really intended to be a library. I mean we have. Yeah. An eti library. But the other idea is to take because right now we all have bookshelves. So one idea might be to take sort of the books that aren't frequently used by people. But them all into that room. Yeah. So it becomes sort of. Kind of yeah. Spool library. Mini library but not like a library system library. No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no go and borrow your colleagues books. So we all agree about these two person rooms. Which one? I don't know or not. I think the middle one. The middle one. Yeah. It's also sort of central to the layout so everyone sort of has more or less the same distance to. It's not that it makes that much of a difference but why not. So we can exclude this one to make an office. Yeah. Actually what I can do is. Or maybe right on the board. I don't know. Actually it's a good idea. Just put it up. So we have the map. Yeah. So this really isn't too scale but oh well. That's really not to scale. So we've got an office there. There's two and one. Three. Yeah. Is that? Yeah. Oh. So. Okay. So this is that and this becomes the reading room right. Okay. Is that a mountain? Yes. Okay. And the one. Yes. We decided also the administration stuff. Sure. So we exclude the thing we are quite sure. Yeah. And then we discuss there. I was thinking of maybe we should assign Gisela into this three person office. Because we will probably place the printer next to the mailboxes. And we could have Gisela and the two 50% people sharing the three person room. That's really no easy to be in the same office. Well this is the administration. But if Gisela works 50% and they work 50%. Yeah. That just imply you expect people to come when Gisela is not working. That's true. And that's not really fair. Yeah. Well I mean. So we can put Gisela in the two people room which is near the mailbox. Yeah. We could. I don't know. I mean I don't know how noisy she is. It's always have the phone ringing even if they have even when she's not working. Does Gisela have her own printer? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah but that's a good point from Nikos to say that she needs to be near the mailbox and the printer and. Well if you put her in the photography in this room here it's relatively close. Except the door is not really convenient for her. Convenient. True. No but I think if the main how can I put that. If the main reason to choose Gisela's place is the proximity of the mailbox. It should be a two people room and not three people room. Okay. It's fine with me. Otherwise we have one people room. I don't know how much the proximity to the mailbox matters because usually when she's here and she picks the mail she actually brings it to your office. Yeah. It's not that. It's more the administration that uses the mail boxes. This is the place of the photography. Yeah. And the place where we all pass kind of. Yeah. That's true. Because if we put the photography near the mailbox and it seems to be the only place where there is room. Yeah. Unless you put it into an office which is just annoying I think. Yeah. Even if you put it into Gisela's office it's going to be. It's too big. Yeah. Okay. We should try this. Do we agree that the photocopier and the network printer goes next to the mailbox. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. And then we can for the moment put Gisela in this corner room if you agree. I don't know. Yeah. At the beginning we said that we were going to give her one of the one person rooms. Yeah. But the word is option of putting the line near the photography. Yeah. I mean she's sharing an office right now and has anybody heard of any complaints that she's loud or I mean she's not sharing an office. I mean we put some. In Gisela's office because there is a spare room and that's quite in a position to complain. Yeah. That's quite a. I mean that's quite important to keep a spare room in Gisela's office if we need more stuff but I wouldn't work in Gisela's office. Okay. I think it's just a question of work conditions. Like if you're a stage year and you're only coming in for two months then you can put up with it. But if you're there, you know, for example, for the full year. So example and there is no room in the cupboards for any people except Gisela because she got lots of paper, archives and stuff like that. So it's really she needs space. Space. Yeah. But we can reserve. So if you reserve two people room, we can put the trainees. Yeah. And they're on. They need to there in the same room. Yeah. Okay. So Gisela at the Southwest office. Yeah. Yeah. The corner. I usually Southwest. I don't know if this map is. Well, Southwest if that's north. Okay. The map is Southwest for us. No. No. Well, I'm assuming that's what you meant, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's that one. Yeah. That's not east anyways. So easy. All right. Yeah. That's not east. Anyways. Yeah. This office, right? Yeah. You know, because with Montaigne mountains and old town, it's not no sorry. But no, I, I'm very bad at orienting where is north in Geneva. I always get it wrong. But I just assumed he goes was talking about orientation here. It'll be a big sun rise and sunshine is quite sunshine, sunrise and sunset is quite true. I good. So wait, we face the old town. We face the old town now. And we're facing a nose east. North east. Sun rise. Okay. So this is east. Yeah. North east. We have sun in the morning only. Yeah. When do we have sun? So it just means that the three piece room which is in the opposite of the north east is the most sunny one. This one. Let's say that. It's true. It's the one you have. Nah. You both. It's not less. Well, there's a lot of sun. You get the sunset and no. And it's really warm. Yeah. It's really warm. You got lots of sun during summer. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, is it a six floor building or is there more? Yeah. We're the top floor. Okay. So it's warm. Yeah. The building design is pretty much the same as the one we have now. We're just getting more space this way because we couldn't move in the other building because it was occupied by the other building. Okay. Good. So how many rooms and how many place do we have? So we have received now to change it on here as well. So that's just our lab. Yeah. Plus one space. But really the last place to be used. Plus facts. Yeah. And then this is the reading room. Okay. So that leaves us with what? You get two, three, four, four, four, four, fourteen places. Which is 14, 14 people. Yeah. For 14 people. No, for 14 because Jazella's already. Yeah. Got a room. Yeah. Yeah. So we are good. Okay. Okay. Excuse me. Yeah. Okay. So I'm going to take Jazella off of that list as well. I'll put her in gray, I guess. Can we group people by their name? So it's going to be Marianne's office. Is there anybody who's not happy with the current situation? So we could try to just keep the same arrangement just on the new building. Yeah. That's boring. That can be a good idea. But do we? Can we do that? Because there is no we can't because we have we can't. We have one extra one person office and and two three person offices. Yeah. Plus we have the two people who aren't there now. Yeah. No, I have to put some more. They can keep some of the people together that are together now. Yeah. Yeah. But not everyone definitely. Okay. So let's start them top to bottom Maggie. Well, why don't we take a break and go off and think about it. Yeah. And then I think we once we have more concrete ideas. Yeah. Okay. We can come back and finish it because if we just sit here and discuss it. Yeah. It's going to take a long time. We're going to start arguing and get cranky in. Okay. So let's have a break. Save your fire. Yeah. You have a XP? Yeah. That's nice. Okay. So how long is going?