 Hello, these are sixest microphones. They are made for women's shirts. No, mine's the opposite. Okay, so let's start. Thanks for coming again to this meeting. I hope it won't be too long, and especially that we'll make some progress on this small task that is putting people in our new rooms. I hope you had fun in designing something or asking the people about their preferences and things like this. So, yeah, that's what I was talking about. It's for women's shirts. So, well, I think you remember all the constraints and the new settings. I think you'll be more and more used to it as soon as we move. So, we have these one person, two person, and three person rooms. And so, that makes, I think, 18 places. And we had about 15 people and some spare working places to put. May I first provide the answers to the questions from the last time? And I also checked with Maggie and Peric. Oh, great. So, that will be part of your solution or suggestions to solution. But regarding the constraints, there is no immediate plan to make separations between the rooms. So, that means basically what we have to do with this setting. It's quite difficult to make new doors and new walls. So, I think we should count on them in the next four years, maybe. And they don't want us to, I mean, they don't want to provide an extra working space for Gisela with the other Etihad means, which we could understand because it's sort of full of it there. But at least that's what they saw. It's not full over there. So, it seems we, yeah, there, well, we cannot change the habits of the whole school just for us. Though it wouldn't be a bad thing, maybe. But we'll see. So, regarding the possibilities of the four people in one of the two or three-person rooms, well, it's not very easy. We'll have to play quite wisely with the furnishing. It looks like it's not impossible, at least on the one that is a bit longer on the right. So, on the one here, it should be possible to put four persons. If we could avoid it, it would much simplify things. The question is, is it against the regulation, security regulation of the school? No, no, no. And I went over and I looked at that room too. There's plenty of space for four people. Yeah, I think it's more a matter of how to arrange the furniture, but since we're experts at this task. Okay, so maybe we could count on four places. But the final decision is not really ours, so we'll see actually. It would be fine if one of the persons is 50% for me, for example. Exactly, or one of the intern positions, the people who might come. Exactly. Something like that. Okay, so these were the answers. So, actually, I did my proposal as a slide. Would you like me to start or would you like me to end? Just to complete, I talked both with Maggie and Pat and both of them were happy to share offices. They have no problem with something. They're easy, but it could be, as Pierre- has right now, that she's happy to continue to share with the Marianne. And Maggie, for example, could be with Bruno because they work on the Swiss thread together and they like to gossip together. Beautiful. Okay, then let me explain very briefly the rationale for this. So it's the same schema that you know. In red you have the, oh, excuse me, that's quite annoying. Excuse me. Hello. Oh, yeah. Can I call you a bit later in about half an hour? I'm just in the middle of a meeting and I'm talking. Fantastic. Oh, okay. Thank you. Bye-bye. Check that thing. Sorry for this. Fortunately, we're just the four of us. Okay, so let me get back to the proposal after a brief interruption. So the names are in red. Now, well, one of the reasons, at least for me, for doing this was to more or less group people within projects because I think that sometimes they just discuss together and it's easier if they're in the same office. And, which is quite happy actually, I also thought that some professors might enjoy or at least don't say anything about being with their assistants. So I was happy to hear Susan saying that Maggie and Bruno could go on well together and Pierre-Ette and Marianne in the same office. So what I can say is that I also understood that Susan would be rather in favor of having her own office, so it's working like this. I put the lounge in the middle. It's also one of the rooms with the fewest windows. So I think that's not a problem because you're not going to just stay there and stare outside, but it's nicer to have a nicer view from your office, I guess. Putting the printer in the lounge is just killing the lounge. I don't know, yeah, maybe I thought in an angle, but that's obviously not a very question of you are printing all the time. Yeah, why not put the printer out in the hallway? Okay, so next to the photocopy, maybe it wouldn't be a bad place here. Is there any space there for photocopy and printer? Yeah, we'll have to check. The photocopy is a bit big. Yeah, but the printer is quite small if we find just a small table for it. Maybe one day we'll have a photocopy that is also a printer. Okay, but I wouldn't, well, insist on this. I think, okay, so the printer will remove it if we work from this solution. So IM2 is more or less in the upper left side. I said more or less. Upper lower left side, you have Swiss tran and Parmenides, so the two projects from the list. And then Metas L.T. on the right side. Maybe not a very good solution for GZL. If you can suggest something better because she's with two people who, well, two PhD students, and it's true that she has a lot of phone calls to make. But it's some way to solve some constraints. I think this is a very open thing. If you want, we can use this document or we could just, say, first listen to your suggestions and see if we erase everything or just do some modifications using this one. I have a question. What's the justification for giving Nancy her own office? Yeah, maybe not a very strong one, and maybe you have better suggestions. It was, I think, sort of one of the places that remain. I think, yeah, there is no strong constraint. Well, she's a smoker, but the policy is that we don't smoke, so it's even better if she's with a second person. I would have a provocative suggestion to put GZL to switch Nancy and GZL. Uh-huh. OK. GZL had the facts on the printing machine, the printer, in the one person. Well, GZL, we'll not be very happy about that. We tried that, and GZL really didn't like to have the printer in people in and out all the time. The printer, that's not the hard constraint. I remember Andrei, that was it. Yeah, that was the case, and Ash was a bit... Because I really do think it's important to have an admin room, really identified as an admin room, and only an admin room. Yeah, we could store files there. Or anything like that. If you want, I can already do this change here against the fact that my personal files are in a room that is not specifically dedicated for that. You're a professional printer, or there's only one printer. Because if not the printer can go in a room of three people. That's typical of the case where there's a lab and the printer is there. The printer can be in the printer. Yeah, the printer is, yeah, it's the main one. We have a secondary one, which we could try to accommodate in another room, but it's basically the printer where everybody prints. So I changed this. So maybe I would suggest... can I hear also... let us hear from you? And then if we can work out a common solution from this one, then we go back to this slide. And if not, we'll just start from scratch. Perfect, all right, to share the room with you is a view on the old town. Mm-hmm. Okay. I could be aware of what I was saying last time, that you have to suffer some calls. So if I'm from phone calls. Yeah, I'll try, I'll bring my walk in. Yeah, that's... Your plugs, whatever. David, you had also... Yeah, okay, for me, as a... I don't know the people a lot. I just suggested that there's a lack of men. So I would certainly put not two men in the same office. I would try to share them with the women. So for example, in your slide, I would switch either you or Martin with the other room, this one. Uh-huh. Oh, let me put the plan. Sorry, I will display... Yeah, this is the MT1. I don't want to influence here. So you would put... So we have to show us which one you were talking about, David. We didn't know. Yeah, I was wanting to change this... The center room. You can even stand and just show us that. Yeah, but I need your... your slide because I was talking about your slide. Okay, so you would prefer the names. Okay, I didn't want to influence you too much, but I'm perfectly happy to start with this as a basis and then change things. Yeah, because there are plenty of things at times. Yeah, so here you can see the many... The many, I mean, there are always sharing the room with... I mean, just Bruno, me, Viet, and Nico's is a guy also. But for Perit and Maggie, it's a will. It's a wish or it's... Oh, actually, because... Yeah, I had this woman too. Sorry, but... It's the feminine of Pierre. So, I mean, this is perfectly fine. We just changed Martin and Andre for Mario, or Yolena, or Nancy. Maybe. So... He didn't get your solution? What was it again? Yeah, here there are two men. So, I mean... What's the mixed sexist? Yeah, it's nice. I don't think so. I mean, there's a lack of men here in this... in this lab. So, I would change one. Switch one. But it's not so much a question of men or women. It's more the question of, as I said, that's... Here you have only... you have PhD students that are regroup. There you have senior researchers that are regroup, which is to me more... Unless it corresponds to some specific demand, like if there's in the case in Maggie's case and Pierre's case, I think that's a very efficient way of doing things. Yeah, and for me, it's also... I would prefer maybe not to be in a three-person office, just to be... I'm perfectly happy with you. I'm very happy with you. I'm very happy with you. I'll propose this. But I could also be happy with most of the other people. So, even in a three-person room, it's fine. Okay, so let's keep in mind maybe this constraint of balancing the genders. We'll see if we can do something for it. Andre, did you ask these people if this was okay with them? I've asked some of them, and I've also used a little bit what I've... Well, I mean, the present arrangement, just not to shock people too much. And it's also people that I know get on well, quite well together, and also work on the same project, like, for instance, Marianne, the Finnish Marianne, and Nikos, who interact quite a lot on... on Met SLT. Yeah, Maria and Yalina seem to go on one quite well. Nancy had no strong preference, especially since she's no longer allowed to smoke in her office. Yeah, so I think, well, at least as far as I asked, there was no major objection. But isn't there just a question of proximity you put David with, Anes? Isn't Anes working in a more substantial way with people like either Maria or Yalina? Yeah, that's true. That's true. So we could put Nancy with David and put... Yeah, but Agnes is also working with David, so... Yeah, but we read that it's not important to share the room with someone that has the same project. No, that's true. Here, the other constraints are satisfied somehow. So... And Marova and I will be quite happy to have the full room, some 50% of the time. Yeah, that's a small advantage, and it's a bit more comfortable, actually. So what I mean is with the two, three person rooms, I think that they can mix them the way they want. I mean, if they prefer to be Maria, Yalina, Nikos and Nancy and Maria on the other side, well, no, that's not completely equivalent, because Nancy, all our PhD students or Master's students, but Nancy, correct? Mm-hmm. Yeah, but that doesn't matter. That's not important. One question I was wondering about though, because three is always a... Well, the more people in an office, the less ideal, that when it may be better to put David in since he's only half-time. So that way, then there's not three people all the time. So I would switch David and Nancy, typically. Mm-hmm. Yeah, probably. Which is the way that David should be in this room, could be in the other one. For me, the two, three people rooms are really, they have to be reshuffled according to people's personal preferences. So I definitely would have answered... What does Nancy need with Agnes in the two-person room? They have worked together on Permany, so this makes some sense. But again, it's also a question of personal preference. I mean, you can't be a room or a person you don't want to be with. Yeah, as far as I know, I think it's probably quite a good path. Is there anyone that you're going to finish? No. First one should be Maria, but it's still one and a half. Yeah. Okay, let's switch. If you do this way, in the two, three people room, there will be one that is not so overloaded because of David. Because David will be part-time, and the other one is not so overloaded because there is one free position. Knowing that this one free position will not stay free very long. No, because don't forget, we already have somebody coming in January. Yes. At least one person. This is still a worry for me because we don't still don't have enough space for the visitors. At least we put them in the lounge. Yeah, I don't have enough space for them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We need to have at least three visitors' positions. Okay, so since we're supposed to do a final proposal, sorry, let me move the printer next to the photocopier. Yeah. Okay, and we'll find some way to attach it to a wall or something like this. So that we keep it. Yeah, I think so. Okay, so that's the... I don't think we can put visitors in the lounge. It depends on how we think about the lounge. If it's thought as being a reading group. No, if it's thought as... That's really a very important question to me. Do we put priority on the fact of being able to read newspapers in our offices or in our workplace? We can read newspapers elsewhere. And I really do think it's more important for a lab to be able to decently welcome visitors that come to the lab than to have a place for reading newspapers. Newspapers, you can read them home. You can go to the cafeteria or you can sit somewhere else. You can go on the balcony if it's in the summer. So I don't understand why we should put priority on lounges if we don't have enough space for accommodating visitors. That's just not according to my priorities. How would it be to put the lounge in one of the smaller offices in one of the one person offices? I know they are actually quite demanded. I think Susan, you're very happy with this solution. Let's put the lounge in Susan's lounge with three visitors. That's an extraordinary... The large in one person room is really too small. Yeah, it's probably too small. It doesn't work. I would advocate to just remove the lounge. It's a luxury for us. We don't have space for a lounge. Let's be... Okay, let's be innovative. In front of your colleagues in saying, if I have to choose between reading my newspaper and having a decently welcomed research visitor, I prefer to read my newspapers. That's just not realistic. But we are researchers. The problem is it has been decided by everyone and approved by the school that we need the lounge. I think it's simply not... No, I don't think we can choose about it. No, actually, I'm sorry. Then we have the three people room that were in three positions, split it in two parts as Susan was proposing. Last time was a wall and you have a lounge there. We can read your newspapers and we have a full two-person room where we can certainly accommodate three visitors. At least we have some free margin for the next two years. Okay, so how do we split the room? We put in three people. The furniture that we got for our reading room, we put it into the other half of the three-person room. Would that fit? A little divider of some kind. But what about if people want to have a small discussion in the lounge? They are not supposed to have a discussion in the lounge. They are supposed to read their newspapers. Well, not the newspapers because... No, scientific articles. No, that's not the goal. The goal of the lounge was a place where you can relax. They also have to read articles. At least you can do it in your office. So you would like to put it with... And then who... You have good chairs to read newspapers that you don't want to break your heart, your backways in your office. Yeah, okay, but then that means that we'll put the lounge on the right side here. And here we'll put two places for visitors. Three. Three, but that means the office will be, at least for the moment, empty. That looks very bad. No, I have a visitor that is arriving. What did you say to us? It's not a visitor. It's a new full-time person arriving in January. Okay, so that could take the free place over there. No, I'm going to put the lounge. That could take one position in the... Let's put Maria or Yelena in this place. Yeah, I think... Okay, so we need two free positions and one new person arriving, X or something like that. That's an idea. Okay, if you forget about the lounge, what you could do is to move either Maria or Yelena in the......what is currently the lounge. That means that we have one person there with one free position. We have one free position in the room that Maria or Yelena is coming from, and one free position over there. So we have three positions distributed over the rooms. Then where's the lounge? No, no, no, we can't... I'll have my head cut off if we don't have a lounge. So, of the lounge and you put it in the corridor. No, no, no. Let's do the lounge corner. The lounge is in the free space. At least. Otherwise, I cannot really defend it because it was agreed and we cannot just come back on every... After all that we went through to get the budget for it. Yeah, I think so. I think we have to explain to your visitors that unfortunately they have a position in the toilet because there is a reading room where people have to read. Let's have the visitors first. Okay, so what we need is a new and two frees. So, I think we can put what, Maria or Yelena. I don't want to separate them really, but... Or myself. I don't like that office actually. So I was thinking to put here... It could be Nico's place. You could switch. No, we're not going to keep Maria in a three person place. Just having Maria in the lounge. Yeah, no, yeah. So it's either... We could put a visitor with you, Martin, but it's probably... Okay, let's try this. Let's try Maria here. I mean, Andre. Oh, you don't mind? Okay. Because I will be there half time. Perfect. And the visitors probably will not so much complain about the lounge. Wait a minute. Andre has a two person office all for himself. No, no, we'll put a visitor place in there. If you don't mind. Well, there is this full time person arriving. I think it's really important to plan with that. What's her name again, Andre? I think it's Paola. Paola. Yeah. Would it be possible to have Paola in your office? Yeah, it could be. Because that's something that we should be deciding. Either you want to keep me in your office, which is all right. And then I would prefer you, I think. It's not really... Okay. Let me keep you. Martin goes back to Andre. Okay, we'll put Paola in the visitor here. So, Paola is the new person. Yeah. And the visitor. That's the one. Is that this one? And then we'll still have probably some way to put a second visitor here, a visitor here, a visitor here. Oops. Sorry. It's not very nice, but does this display better? I think I... Well, no, but Paola being new, I think you can try to put your loan. Yeah, not with her. Somebody else. Uh-huh. Well, the lunch cannot be shared with two people. You cannot go there and discuss and two people working there in the room. No, but we said that we won't discuss. Or maybe if we organize some kind of coffee at the end of the day or drink, then the two people will stop working. I don't know, maybe they won't be happy. Okay, then Martin, let me put you in that office and I'll put Paola with me. No, no, no, no. Why not Maria or Yelena? So, Martin goes where? Martin stays. Yeah, because you don't want to separate Maria and Yelena. Yeah, okay. It's not even sure she stays. Yeah, that's true. Okay, so let's put Maria in the separate office. Yeah. And we have, yeah, and we have two visitors and a master student and a... And we have... Paola. I was thinking the other way around. Oh, sorry. What very thing? Paola with Maria in the two people room and to have this one, this two, Yelena and David in the three people room. So, who is with Maria here? Paola. Okay. Yeah, and no visitor? Yeah. That's the two people room. Yeah, but that means that this room, the middle one, would be quite empty. All the time. No, no, no. I mean, two visitors and a 50% person. I don't think it's very reasonable. What do you need to have to visit us somewhere? Yeah, but let's split them a little bit so that when there are no visitors, at least people are. No, the rooms have to look like they're sort of occupied. Yeah, I think so. And then we might lose room or two. So, this goes, here goes visitor two. This is always the... Paola is there, here goes visitor one. And is this better? Except that we cannot read it, but apart from this. It's a little bit crowded in the... Because you have... Well, not yet, of course, because Paola has not arrived, but starting from January, you will have two full-time persons. Yeah, okay. Okay. Let me call this visitor one, which implies that it will be the first one occupied by a visitor when they come. Okay. And this visitor two, which means it's like, well, you know, second chance. That why couldn't we basically move you, David, in this two people room with Maria? Oh, we could. What would this change? This is one half-time person. Mm-hmm. And you have Paola Iarina, one visitor position, and I still keep hope that Maria Nikos, the lounge, will on the long-term disappear, because anyhow, I don't believe they can be a lounge where in a place where there are already two people working. So the lounge will just die after some point. No, but look, it's quite a long room. It has two doors. Oh, yeah. It has two doors. Very good. Yeah. So maybe in the long run, we'll get the wall. Okay, okay. Okay. That's true. Okay. Then there will be a wall, although there are three windows. Okay. So why would we move David to Maria? Do you have any preferences, David? Oh, she wants mixing men and women. Well, he already is. And two visitors will be in one room, but that's fine, because maybe there are not two visitors at the same time. Yeah, I wouldn't put the two visitors in the same room, because when there is no one, it makes a big hole and when there are two people. So it makes too many variations. But then you can move, for instance, if you move David to with Maria, then... Yeah, the occupancy is better that way. I think it's more stable. Okay. Stay and go. Oops. Oops. What did we say here? This one. Maybe that's the best we can do. If you... Okay. If we realistically can plan to have a lounge. Well, I think that was really decided. No, because actually if we do a proposal without a lounge and the other group will... I got the message. Exactly, and that means that all the constraints that we set and all the other things just... Well, just basically disappear. Yes, sure. Which means we've worked for nothing. Okay. What's wrong with this? So who has strong opposition to that? I don't. You have to go, Susan? Okay. We're almost done, Susan. But we'll just check the items. Yeah, please. Okay. No problem. No, you just have to... Yeah. We'll just review the items to see if we look at all the constraints and then you'll be able to say the final yes or no. I think we accommodate most of the constraints. Yeah. Because we're sure that Maggie and Bruno... Maggie is happy with having Bruno in her office, and Pierre is happy to have Maria. Yeah, I think that's okay. Okay, yeah, we checked. And yes and Nancy, no reason to think that they should be... I don't think so. It's a possible situation. No. Same thing for Maria and Marian F and Nikos. Mm-hmm. Paula, we don't know yet because she didn't arrive yet. And well, Yalina... Aha, that means that for a short time, Yalina will be just alone in a three-person room. Yeah, that's a bit... Yeah, that was the point and I think David there and... But okay, maybe we'll just leave it as an option. David or visitor one or two. But then we could just for the shake of having a defendable solution as long as Paula has not arrived is to switch for the proposal, Paula and David. Mm-hmm. But we really plan that as soon as Paula is here or even earlier... Okay, so we'll know that the region actually around here is probably a move-up, Paula. Yeah, we can switch to Maria or Paula, our date. This is dangerous to propose. I mean, you have a three-person room with one master student in it. Yeah, no, exactly. I wouldn't propose that. That's why I always try to separate the visitors just to balance a little bit. But okay, we'll be open on that. As soon as Paula is here, it starts to be better and we will have visitors. Well, it depends also on if Yalina stays longer or not, which is not yet very clear. But that's a point. Okay, we'll see. Anyway, we'll be open. When is she supposed to finish? I don't really know, I think her master thesis is probably due... No, I would say, yeah, maybe June next year at the latest, yeah. Actually, I don't know. When are we supposed to submit the proposal? Well, we won't have any extra meeting for the four of us, so yeah, this one has to be the final one. So we'll have actually... I'll present this to... Well, with the other, I'll compare it with the other one and try to make a decision. Actually, I think it's even a bit later or two days. Okay. So as soon as we have Susan, we can switch. Again. Again. But as I say, it's just for the shake of the proposition. So I'm even ready to internally say that David will actually be in this room. Yeah, we can leave it like this and then... What if we change it? There are names on the doors? Yeah, there will be names on the doors. Oh, so if we... Consume that the problem... Yeah. Let's say the technical... The psychological problem we have is... I'm extremely happy with that solution. It will be a working solution starting from January when Paula will be here. But currently, if we present it as it is, we have a three-person room that is only occupied by a master student. No, because there's another person right now, a student that I just hired. And she's just working right now for... Ah, so you have a special member of December. Yeah. That's a real... She's a real visitor. She's a real visitor that is just... Ah, so there's one investigator that is just... To make a contract for her for two months. So then we would have people there. Okay. Yeah, well, we'll keep it like this. Okay, I... Well, I'll try to express all these constraints and say in particular that the two rooms over here are actually sort of... Well, things could be changed over there, but on some other side. You may have also to say that the unit has to have some... Yeah, the visitor space. Yeah, it's extremely important in the research domain that we can have people coming to visit us. Yeah, that's true. The second point I would suggest is that before you go to defend it, you should circulate it over mail to all the... All the involved people. Well... To double check. I think this... I'm not very sure, but I think this will be done after the meeting... I would win before. Okay, if you spend time defending a thing and then... I don't know, I guess it comes to you or a period, it comes to you saying, no, I don't want to be with Marianne. As far as I know, I think Agnes is also taking care of a proposal. So, okay, yeah, I'll circulate this. Because anything, it's just... Yeah, look at it. Exactly. I have a view on the mountain and I'm with the person I like, so I'm happy. Okay, so maybe we'll learn some more constraints. What's the timeline on this now? So, you have a meeting... Yeah, actually, as I told Martin, well, this is the last time we meet, so this is, well, more or less, our proposal. And we'll have a meeting, I think, it's in two days or something like that, to discuss and compare with the other proposal. And, well, make a final decision, actually, probably a pre-final one, since we'll have to check again with everyone. It's not completely... it's an important issue because I need to know when I will have the office decided, the phone number decided, because these are information that I have to provide to the EPFL administration. I'm reachable when I'm at... well, they can phone me on the mobile, but I would definitely prefer to have a clean, filled administrative form that I can give back. Well, so, actually, I think, I'm not very sure, but the most important thing is, well, finding out when we will move, and this happens in probably, I think, next month or... depends also on how, well, the furnishing and... And then, of course, you have these practical issues, how about internet connections? Well, network connections, I mean... No, how many connections are there, probably? Yeah, because that's also something we had all check, you know, if you're in a room with three people and one network... Oh, no, no, no, no, the building is very... no, actually, I've seen it, the building is very modern, and you can have actually... I think I've activated... we'll get them activated, yeah. And I think you get at least three per room... Okay, so... No, I'll get the... for the bigger rooms, you get double for every workplace you get two months. Okay, okay, because sometimes you need the last of one. Sometimes you need two computers. No, because lots of people have a son and they have a PC, so... If you go back to the other slide where you have furniture, so this... Do we have any word to say, and so that I would like to have a red chair or a blue desk? Oh, no, unfortunately, that's decided by the school, so the chairs are blue, the desk is brown, light brown. Do we have to order something, or is it done automatically, so it will be in the office when we move in? Normally, it's done automatically, except that we'll have to think... Well, we have to say how many places that we want to have. Yeah, well, these are dictated by the names. It's probably more difficult for the lounge. What we'll have is have a bit less furniture in the lounge and then bring all the old... It's not all because we just bought it, but all the furniture from the previous lounge will bring it here. How about the boxes? Because at EPFL, you have to say when you will be moving the boxes so that you have people for moving them. Or here you're supposed to move them yourself. Well, it's the faculty that will take care of... Do we receive some information about that? Yeah, I think... That just gives us a date when... Yeah, I mean, it's a completely different issue from arranging people. It's just how they're moving will take place. And there are all the things to take care of, but it's quite unrelated with these things. Yeah, we'll get all the information. Thinking about internet connections, I think it's quite okay for the printer to be there. I think it's feasible. We'll check. So the violet box here is... are male boxes also. By the way, is there any wireless connection antennas for getting... Not at the sixth floor, yeah. Not in the building for the moment. Well, there is downstairs in the building, and pretty soon the whole building will be covered. That's important, I mean, typically for the laptops it's... Yeah, but right now in downstairs it's fine. Some people can pick it up on the sixth floor, but pretty soon the whole building will be covered. Okay, well, I think it's a bit of topic already. So let's say that it's a proposal. I'll try to express the constraints and your opinions. And, well, I think finally everyone can veto something if there is a huge problem. But I think with this we don't run into huge problems. The four of us will not veto. Yeah, obviously. So let me save this. Thank you for spending all this time. Okay, you're all happy.