 I guess I'll start with my presentation. We had two groups of people working on this, so we'll show you two slightly different presentations. Feel free to ask any questions or comments, obviously. The first one was done by myself Bruno Marianne and Nikos and the rationale that we have, I'll show you the layout in a second, was that full professors would get private offices, administration is close to the professor's offices, so it's easier for the secretary to speak to everyone. The fax is in the administration office since it's mostly used by Gisela, who's the secretary. For noise reduction purposes, we've moved everyone who has office hours together, and we've also put the network printer and the photocopier in the hall. So I'll just show you how that works. Basically, you can see Gisela sort of there in the middle with the fax machine and Megan Susan, who are the two full professors in our department have the private offices, and the photocopier and the printer are sort of in the hall on the side there across from the mailboxes. Just to go back, most people are grouped in projects, and we have two 50% people who are half-time in Geneva, half-time at the EPFL in Lausanne, and then we've put in three-person offices, so that in the three-person offices, it's not constantly three people. So there's a little bit of give there, and the reading room, or the lounge, or some people call it, that we have is in a central position. So basically, we've got Andre and Nancy at the top. They don't actually, they will be starting a new project together if, if I'm not mistaken. Like I said, Susan and Maggie in the individual offices, Nikos and Yelena, who work on the same project, at the bottom, the reading room is in the middle. Marianne and Bruno are at the bottom, so while Marianne works closely with Pierre-Ette and the other Marianne, we have two Marianne's in our department, and David is a half-time, so as I said, the half-times are in three-person offices, and on the other side, we have Maria Martin and myself, who all work on the same project, and Martin is 50%. Gisela, we've given her a two-person office for two reasons. One is because there's a spare place there, so if we wanted to put a stagier or someone who just comes in for a short period of time, we figured it was okay if they were in the admin office, which is a little bit noisy, because they're only there for a short period of time, and again, the proximity to the other offices. So I guess that's pretty much it for our proposal. I don't know if you want Andre to go through his first, or if you have any questions for me. So Pierre-Ette is a professor, but she's only 50% time, is that why she's in a three-person office? It's... Do you want to explain how it works? Actually Martin is 50% time. Martin is 50%. There's two sort of statutes of professor, I guess you could say. Oh, because you would say that she's an assistant professor or something like that. Okay, yeah. But yeah, maybe that's one. It's a professor, de Koll and... Yeah, they're full professors and assistant professors if you want. Yeah, it's true that she's an assistant professor, but well, we see maybe we can move a little bit around just to give her, well, also at least maybe not an office alone, but at least with just one person and two. But the idea is my again, Susan, or sort of the senior professors on staff, so they got the individual offices. And what's happening, what do you foresee happening in the next couple of years, like beyond this current group of people? Do we know of any changes coming? Is it department growing or...? The department will obviously be growing, but there's some people who only work part-time. There's some people who are doing PhDs or master students who won't necessarily be there for a larger extent of time. So for example, Yelena and the Finnish Marianne are master students for right now, so whether they decide to stay into a PhD or not, sure yet. Nikos is working as a researcher, so for him it's the same thing. There's, I think the only constant people are Susan, Maggie, Andre, Gisela, Pirette, and all the rest are either PhD students or master students. And again, Martina and David are half-time with the BFL, so that's project dependent as well. Unfortunately, we haven't been given as much space as we would have liked, but that's always the case. And have you talked to any of these people to ask them if they have any special requirements? Susan wanted a private office. She has a preference for private offices, other than that no one really had any tight constraints from what I've heard. Of people they needed to be near or people they needed to avoid. No one's excessively sad that they needed to avoid anyone else. But you've given people a chance to say that if they really needed to. Yeah, but even no specific views or mountains or old town. I mean people prefer any windows. No, they were fine with it. And they're both nice views. I guess those thin lines or I mean they're windows or? Yeah, they're windows. Or sorry, the thick lines are windows actually. We have really big windows. Yeah, so there's lots of light coming in. And one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it was is that you have a lot of light coming in so people just go somewhere to sort of relax and have a quiet place to sit, they have a lot of light. It says mountains, is that because that's the view? Yeah, yeah. So it's the best of you. You gave the reading room the best of you? Yeah, well I mean it depends if you like looking out over the old town and the cathedral. It sort of goes both ways. But yeah we've got two mountain views sort of on that side and then the last part looks on the old town because one of the sixth floor you can actually see everything. I don't think buildings are much higher than was it six or eight floors? Yeah, mountains are just in the far. Okay. Yeah, what's that purple thing there? The purple thing is the mailboxes. And those are fixed. We can't do anything about those. She can't do any partitions. I mean you're planning to do any partitions in three pictures and rooms or this kind of blocks. We don't have anything like that. If we can get stuff like that it might be a good idea. Some people might like them. At the moment we have people sharing like three people in a room without any partitions. Yeah, just two discs. It's a little bit noisy but people sort of get used to it and admittedly it's mostly assistants that are stuck in rooms like that so it's the junior people. I can think of some reactions from the people so maybe I can... Well do you want to do your presentation? Yeah, well tell me about some of the constraints and well first of all I must say that there are also quite a lot of common points so it's probably not going to be very difficult to. So... Yeah, please thanks. Perfect. So actually we... Well basically the group who produced this proposal was made by Susan Martin, David and myself and we also well Susan volunteered to ask Maggie and Pierret about how they felt about sharing offices and so as you can see well Susan gets obviously the same office which is quite a good thing. Then things start to move a bit. It looks like I'm also in the same position but the most obvious constraints that we found here was that it was probably very difficult to have a lounge, just a lounge in one room because it would block us two full working places and although it's true that the group I agree decided to have a lounge we're supposed to put the lounge in the room at the upper side on the right so let two people share this with sort of a place where we have a so family meet and some books so it's obviously a common place. People are not there to talk very loud but they can sit and relax and still look at at the mountains. Also so that's one of the main differences I think maybe one of the points that we have to talk about. The other one is the admin office so it's written Gisela 50% because she's only half-time and the fax machine. Gisela actually has a lot of phone calls to make and it's true that her activity is quite noisy when she is there. It's also true that she has quite a lot of files for most of the projects actually that we manage so it appeared at least to our group that even if she's here only half-time she should have an office by her own because it would be quite disturbing for other people to work in the same office. Gisela has no objection against sharing the office we thought it was more for the calm of the people. It's true that this blocks one of the one person rooms but on the other hand Maggie has no objection sharing an office with her assistant and this appeared to be true also of Pierreette. We don't know about Pierreette sharing an office with two persons but at least no problem in Pierreette sharing her office with Marianne the Swedish one who is sort of her assistant. So this is why we put Maggie with Bruno and then the third main difference would be the number of visitor places or free places. You notice a new name in the room at the center upper upper sides of that spousla. It's true that it's someone coming next year Susan reminded me of this point and I could not really ignore it. So she's an italic she will arrive in about two months and the two of this one and this two are the visitor places. You had one I think called free space or spare spare place. We didn't really reach a very good agreement on the distribution of these two rooms. So the two at the center where is written pala yalina the two visitors and then Maria plus David. So I think there is quite a lot of space here to switch a little bit among the people just to make some kind of smooth occupancy rates. So not to have one empty room when we have no visitors and then a very full room when everybody is here. So I think we are quite willing to split and put say maybe one visitor with Maria and David 50% in the other room with the second visitor. So that's realistically we don't actually have that many visitors coming in. I've been there for almost two years and we've had a couple of stagie years but that's it. Well yeah exactly so the visitors are basically stagie and it happens that sometimes we have two of them even if it's only for three or four months. Martin seemed to insist that when we have a visiting professor for instance we cannot really put him with gisela because well they wouldn't feel very nice. They made a joke about that. No for a professor yeah. So we should manage some kind of decent space. It's true that these last one or two years we didn't have a visiting professor. But yeah so I think yeah these are the three main points. So one is the place of the lounge. The other one is the place of the admin office with gisela. The third one is the number of visitor visiting people and well how many of them we want to accommodate and where we put it. I think the three main differences otherwise we pretty much agree on placing people. Well in a way if that's your argumentation then put a visiting person with a senior researcher at least if not a professor rather than two students. Sorry I didn't understand. If you're going to argue that the visitors are supposed to be important and they should have their own space then put them with another researcher rather than two students. Yeah that's true. I think yeah they're quite open to this. Martin also reminding us that he's quite noisy. He has a lot of phone calls to make even if it's here. He is here only 50% of the time. So yeah I don't mind this but that's something. But it's true yeah we could also try to put a visitor and the professor. Martin made another point. It was the fact that sometimes professors have to discuss sensitive matters about projects and financing and they sometimes might feel uncomfortable discussing this with their well in the presence of their PhD students like saying oh I have to reduce her from 80% to 50% that's probably something. So I mean all these are constraints. I don't know how you would like us to proceed from here or if you already have questions or reactions from this one. But hope and the largest use to people loses on regular basis, daily basis or? Fairly regularly there's at least one or two people in there. Yeah it's a fairly new thing in the department but it's being used pretty regularly. It was something that a lot of people wanted just sort of a quiet space out of your office that doesn't have the office furniture, the office chairs. It sort of has comfortable sofas and arm chairs and things like that where you can just go and relax and if you want to read something for a longer period of time in a more comfortable environment. And because we do a lot of reading and things like that it does get used fairly often. So it's not a place for discussion and we sort of have an open policy where if there's no one in there and you want to have a discussion then that's fine but you can't displace people who are in their reading just because you want to have a mini meeting or whatever. And so there's no are you planning some kind of partition between the lounge and the offices or how are you going to keep those things that you just asked? Yeah I can keep them separate because they seem like separate. Yeah that's true that's one of the problems. Well we were told that it was not really possible to build walls but we noticed that this room actually has two doors so we thought that maybe we could put some kind of separation bookcases or maybe just furniture or just some kind of screen. But it won't be an acoustic separation. No it's not sound proof. So if those are students there? Yeah they're. So if they're noisy that could disrupt the quiet of the lounge. Yeah. Which is sort of why in our proposal we had it as a separate room. So if you really want peace and quiet you shut the door and when the doors are shut like unless someone's making noise right outside the door it really is fairly quiet. But you've also put the lounge in a very kind of a high traffic area where the mailboxes are, the printer and the restrooms. So that's that may also that may be good for meeting people and bumping into people but it's maybe against the idea if it's a very supposed to be an isolated quiet spot. So yeah well it was actually this pressure from my group that led to this to squeeze a little bit the place of the lounge. Now how for instance would the university feel about a room that would be only used as a lounge? Would they feel it's too empty and that we have too much space? Or is there no problem? Do you see a problem with having a room just for a lounge or no? Well maybe if it helps us pack more people into the offices because they have a private lounge maybe it's a good thing. It saves us money. So we could have a separate room as a lounge as long as we pack the other offices. Yeah I guess that's... Personally I have no problem with this. So it's fine. I mean I suppose if the need really arises and it comes to a point where we do have a lot of people then you can get rid of the lounge figure out what to do with the furniture either distribute it between various offices or put it into storage somewhere. But you're saying it does use somewhere? So it's not a completely experimental concept. No no no no this is something that it started off sort of as a discussion at the coffee table where people were complaining that sort of in the middle of the afternoon they just wanted somewhere to go off and so you have some quiet time and that's where it came out. There are book shelves in there but it's not really a library because everyone at the moment everyone has a bookshelf in their office and we just go and and borrow books from everyone else. It's more really about having a comfortable place to sit where it's not an office environment it doesn't look anything like an office. You mean you can display some new journals or new security. Yeah yeah and people can come in with their stuff or leave and use paper or magazine lying around for other people. We've got a bulletin board where you can paste up articles that you think are interesting for other people but... Okay so I think maybe we can agree on on the lounge in a separate room if we can manage to to find space elsewhere. What about Gisela? How do you feel about putting her in a separate office? Which is the case now I think. Well she has a next round. Well she shares an office so. Which is why we were thinking that it wouldn't be a problem to keep her with a spare person because that's the situation it is right now and if you're a stazier and you're coming and you don't necessarily expect to have a full blown office if you're only there for about two months. Yeah it depends on what kind of visitor you are exactly. Yeah. So we could say some kind of low-key visitor for an office. Even these 50% I mean they're all separate or... Actually Gisela 50% means that she's there half-time generally in the mornings. Gisela has a fixed schedule for when she's there but David and Martina are sort of... they flock to us. Like they can't say that they'll be there Monday Tuesday and half of Wednesday and not the rest of the time which is part of the problem. I mean they can't specify when exactly they'll be there so our rationale for putting them in a three-person room is that it doesn't matter when they're there and whether they're there for certain hours or not. It's just either there's two or three people in those rooms and sometimes there's less, sometimes there's more. Because we also don't work fixed hours. It's not like we work you know nine to five or whatever everyone sort of keeps their own hours. So can you just summarize briefly the differences between your two proposals, the key differences? I think it's what I tried to do before. The shared lounge. The shared lounge. The assistants with their professors in two cases. And then do you have a secret? We have periods and Marianne in the same. No I think this is quite accepted and it's with the case. I think it's the lounge, the admin room. The lounge, the admin room separate. Yeah and the number of slots for visitors and for this new student who arrives because having just one spare place this was probably the strongest disagreement in my group. People said we should have at least two or three spare places just for growing or sometimes you have three interns that arrive. Even if they're not perfect places. Okay so you basically achieve that by giving less space to the reading room I think. Yeah that's how I did in our proposal. I guess one of the questions is how important is the reading room to your group really? Is it something that's a very valued thing that has to be protected? Or is it okay to make it be kind of this spare space that gets used up a little bit when you need, when you have some extra visitors and things like that? I think that's... I think because it's a fairly new thing it's a little hard to say at this point. I think that most people like it now that it's there they sort of see the value of it and they wouldn't want to see it wiped out entirely, definitely. But I suppose once it gets eaten away a little bit at some point it becomes unuseful and then yeah. Yeah and that's the dangers. But then we need to squeeze in one of the three-person rooms some extra visitor space and I think so if we want to keep the reading room. I think it's possible like playing a little bit with the furniture. So yeah I think another point here and I don't know how you feel about it is well the fact that Martin has said he would be quite noisy 50% of the time so many phone calls. So I wouldn't put him in that big office even if he's 50% but he's still a professor here and we got him from EPFL. Okay so that... I think I mean if we need to reach a solution now I wouldn't mind working from your plan and doing some changes or if you prefer working from mine. Sure, either way. So um... Okay well since this one's up keep this one in. Okay yeah depends how how easy you can write in it. Easily, go ahead. Okay so let's keep the reading room. Also I think Pialet and Martin should deserve at least I think offices with one person not with two. Okay. Okay. Can we combine both or like two person room? Pialet and Martin? Yeah Martin is 50% We never asked them it could be but um because the other side they have I think no real project in common so I wonder what... I think I would prefer and probably my group would prefer to see them with the respective assistants and I think Pialet plus Marianne is a very good combination. Why not switching them from yeah that office? Yeah switch the whole group. Marianne Swedish and then Pialet. So what does that mean Swedish? This two Marianne are one as Swedish one as Finnish so we just called them Swedish in the finish. Both family names start with S-T-A. No okay no no. Now both start with S-T-A. So just to know who they are. Uh it's Bruno right? Yeah okay. Now let's do something with Martin too. But even you can create one more split place in that big three piece room. In here? Yeah maybe we can write it down. Visit this one. David is 50% and visitor one yeah our spare or that's fine. Well for Martin if you didn't mind working with Martin we can switch now and see if Martin can here. Yeah I think that's closer to what he said. Well because actually we have this project in common you know call aim too. Yeah wrong keyboard. I've heard of that. Um yeah I think it's and so could we? So we can say that this is sort of for but then again you get the more formal visitor and with a bunch of students in a crowded room. Well I think yeah or was Gisela but I think there was no way to. Well you can say that this one is for let's say Stagiers or in terms. Yeah sort of second. Um yeah but even you can move administration to the single room. Because she's only 50% working and yeah she would. So you would put Gisela in a one person room. Yeah and give that room to some professor with the student or from professor with the visiting place or. Yeah we could. Yeah even put. Well you can move Maggie and Bruno. We couldn't put Maggie and Bruno together. That's obviously the case. Gisela and move the other spare place to the big room but then there's not a lot of people in there. Mm-hmm. Now let's leave it like this for the moment. How do you feel because your office well three persons and your all full time in there so you with Nancy and Maria? We're not terribly noisy I think it'll be fine. Yeah and you have Permany that's in common with Nancy. Yeah and I am too in common with Maria. And we work on slightly different schedules too because Maria and I tend to work earlier and Nancy tends to work later. So that shouldn't be a problem. And do you think we could put a visitor with Nikos and Yelena? Because it's also it's not very clear you know Yelena's that was said in our meeting. Yelena's master thesis should be defended you know a couple of months or something like that. So we don't really know what happens afterwards so we could at least think it's sort of an open place. Or you could get that office for you and Nancy and put Nikos and Yelena with Maria and the visitor. What about that? Would you like to have a columnar spot? Sure. So you want to do that's gonna backfire on me. So when you when you put four people in that office does that mean you're planning on four desks you need space for four desks? Yeah. And that's the problem. You know if it's possible. You either get smaller desks because the ones that we have now won't fit. Yeah but a visitor actually doesn't have that much paper so for instance maybe they don't need a well the place to put their files you know a small on a drawer. They just need a desk and probably just one drawer underneath and so you can fit that. But you can't put three desks in the two person rooms. No. Yeah probably not I think it wouldn't be. Yelena and we could think of a visitor too here. I think that's going to be too much. Well Maria's four there is also this bowel arriving on the new project so you know Susan insisted that we should be. And it's also it's not very clear because Nikos and Yelena are well Nikos is a research student Yelena will finish her master thesis so it's yeah okay yeah. Just like that. Maybe Paola will be able to choose. Yeah I think that's why okay yeah. They don't know about any preference of Maggie being alone or with Bruno. I don't think she cares. David mentioned also that there should be some kind of gender balance. I don't know if there is a strong constraint but I think we're doing pretty well. So maybe you should break the wall between the men's room and the women. I'm not sure that was what was meant. Bruno did mention that he didn't want to be in a room with a lot of people because he did that before and he didn't really like it. So maybe I don't know I can switch with him and we can put him and Nancy together. I don't mind it doesn't really bother me. Okay that's fine if you mention this. Yeah. Quite nice. And okay yeah I'm with Martin. That's very balanced. Well the gender balancing we have more women than men in our department anyways so. Yeah that's why okay if you don't mind me sharing the office with Martin that's fine. Okay yeah that looks good. So I'm here with Mamya and David yeah so you have I'm too in common. That's nice and he's 50% so that means the office is not very crowded. Okay the other one is a bit crowded but that's okay. Do you see any constraints from the administrative side? But even like you can put the polar in administrative it's like you already three people it looks like small room compared to the other three. Is your person to square meter ratio within the university norms? I think for the question. We don't I mean we don't want people coming in seeing this lavish reading room and everyone having their own office if that's not what we're having in the other places. We have to make sure that if for example there's a spare reading room like we were saying before overall your department has doesn't have excessive space per person. Well what was said in my group actually Susan who knows professors from other other faculties well she noticed that most of them have rooms alone. So this is true for Susan and Maggie but not true here for Pierre and Martin so we can already argue that we're squeezing in even the professors. It's true that the reading room but you know we fought so much to have it so let's let's try to have it there and I think putting four people in a three person room is already a sign that we're already quite full. So I think yeah it's normally the nominal capacity of this I think it's 18 people 18 or 17 and we're already 15 if you don't count Paola and some visitors place. And I think it's quite important to have space for visitors because if you have no visitors or if you cannot take a new well intern during the summer you're very much handicapped. So I think where yeah well the reaction of my group was that this was almost full already so I tried to. It's basically we're moving into a new space but it's only marginally better than the old one. So I think yeah what we could say about the reading room is that we squeeze quite a lot of people in the other offices. I think it's okay. It's good in case I ever have to defend it you know it's good to have some numbers if you can come up with some numbers. Sure yeah we can do that. And maybe relative to some other comparable departments that's okay it's good to have that. But if you both agree with this plan and you think your group will be happy? Sure yeah. Then find with me. I'm about you what do you think? Yeah. So I'll save it. Just save it please. Maybe it's another name. Just say okay it's fine. Okay. Okay. So my group also asked to circulate the final proposal just to make sure everyone along with the numbers that you guys wanted to see in terms of the space. The numbers. Okay. We're done. Great. Thank you for your time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Stars. Okay. Unhook our sensors.