 I am gonna fix this for quick. Let's go crippled. Hmm, okay, I have noERE tablet. I have a Alright, you okay for someMB Here is my I'm gonna use my very template. Okay, well, how long is it because we've got a minute? That's just the dining room. Are you going to take minutes? Yes. So, hello everybody. Hello. Hello. Hello everybody at the agenda for today. Do you have an extra copy? Thanks. So, the goal for today is to decide for a movie to project at the end of the month. So, for this month of April and also discuss the content for advertising posters. And I will present you three different design. We'll discuss it. So, first we have to decide for a movie. So, I think we all prepared documents. Yes, I did. So, I propose that we start with the presentation at NIST, the ascent. Okay, so the previous movies that we've done this year were Learn of Arabia, Apocalypse Now, and Emma Deus, which were all historical serious, dramatic, and somewhat action-y movies. So, for this month I'd propose doing something different, preferably something set in the present. Something maybe dramatic, but slightly less serious. So, what I'd propose is actually a thriller or a mystery. And while these days people are so jaded by general movies that they tend not to be surprised by the endings and mysteries, some movies in the 90s did actually have twists that people came out saying, I never saw that coming. I didn't know that that was going to happen. And so, what I'm going to do is present you two of those movies. And before anyone says that, well, if you know how the movie ends, you're not going to want to see it again. That's not necessarily the case, because a lot of people like to re-watch movies to see where the clues were, what they missed, things they didn't pay attention to the first time around. So, if you can go to the next slide. What I'd propose is either the usual suspects or the sixth sense. The usual suspects is slightly less mainstream. It has a fairly large cast, notably Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne. And it was directed by Brian Singer. It's one of his earlier movies, I think. It was written by Christopher McQuarrie. And according to Rolling Stone, it's the freshest, funniest, and scariest crime thriller to come along since Pulp Fiction. This sixth sense, on the other hand, is a more commercial movie with its famous line, I See Dead People. It was written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Hayley Jule Osmond, and Tony Collette. And it's about a little boy who sees dead people, and he sees a child psychologist try to get him to understand why he sees dead people, what it means. And actually, he's a psychologist, he's dead. Now that you've given away the twist, yes. Now, where are the clippers? Agnes, I was just wondering, I see, I have here Denise Table, and when they say that it's the freshest, whatever, since Pulp Fiction, well, that's probably not a very long time, because Pulp Fiction is 94, and usual suspects is 95. Send your complaints to Rolling Stone. So on the next couple of slides, I'll just go through some of the more detailed stuff that we might need for administrative purposes. The length for the usual suspects is 105 minutes. As Andre already said, it's 1995. It has an R rating, which means that, at least in North America, it was not recommended for people under 18, because it's fairly violent, but not so violent as other movies. Plot outline, five villains in New York, around it up by the police in an unconventional manner that worries them. After release, they get together for a spot of revenge, but someone else is controlling events, and the big mystery of the movie is who's controlling the events. It got an 8.7 out of 10 user rating on the Internet movie database. It's 16th in the top 250 movies of all time. Fourth, in Denise's list of the top movies of the 1990s, which I think was also taken from IMDB. It won several Academy Awards, including Best Supporting Actor and Best Writing, Best Film for the British equivalent of the Academy Awards. It was nominated for a CIZAC for Best Foreign Film. I've got a fair bit of recognition, despite not being a very mainstream high-budget movie, or maybe because it wasn't a mainstream high-budget movie. What will be your argument for projecting this movie? I don't think a lot of people have seen it. In fact, other than... I haven't seen it. You haven't seen it. You haven't seen it. You've seen it. I don't think a lot of people have seen it. It's not a very, very well-known movie. It's very well-known. It's a really? Really? I think it's one of the most well-known thriller. Really? That surprised me. I always got the impression that it was... It's hard to tell. So that's your impression. That's my impression. It's rated for the least. How many people have seen it? 100,000. voted for it. Only three other movies have more votes. Yeah, it seems to be quite popular. But I think the main thing is it's got a good twist at the end. It's an interesting movie to watch. If you go to the next slide, more or less the same thing for the Sixth Sense. It's slightly newer in 1999. More or less the same amount of time. It has a lower rating because it's less violent. But it depends what audience we are going to have. Is it violent at all, in fact? Or it's more like scary or... It's scary and I think it has some sort of slight violence. But the kid is seeing dead people. Yeah, but they're not violently dead. No, but it's quite... It's more of it and it's creepy. It's not violent as in people being sliced in half or anything like that. It's 19th in the top movies of the 90s, 100 first in the top, 250. It was nominated for a lot of awards. It didn't win as many. It might have won more minor awards, but at least the Academy Awards. It was nominated for five of them. But it didn't win. Nevertheless, still a good movie, still a good twist at the end, which didn't he already give away? They don't remember. Good. So those would be my two choices. Yeah. Okay. So what was your criteria for selecting this movie? It's a sort of different style from the other movies we've seen and they have a twist. So it's not your general movie where you just kind of sit through it and go, okay, get up and leave. At least out of those two movies I came out thinking, okay. But then it becomes a good movie. Yeah. But I mean, that's a good thing right? Only because of the end. I've heard some people in the theater saying, oh, now I have to see it again. Yeah. Which is a good marketing flaw, if you think about it. But then if you ask me to try it twice. Okay. Okay. So is Bruce Willis the child psychologist? Yeah, Bruce Willis's child. And the kid is really good. Who plays the main character? It's the guy who then played in artificial intelligence or something like this. Same guy. Okay. So I think, maybe you prepared a presentation or so. Yeah. We can have a look. So my presentation is not that detailed. I just put their seven highly ranked movies and we can just try to go very quickly through all of them just to remind you them. And then we can perhaps consider them as potential candidates. Sorry. It's control. Okay. So the movies that I have selected as very good, good ranked movies are on the screen. So the Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, usual suspects, and fiction, good fellas, signs of the lamps and the American beauty. So perhaps we can go to the first movie. The Shawshank Redemption. Actually, I didn't see that movie. So is there someone else who has seen this movie? We know either. I've heard a lot of really good things about it. I've seen it, but I don't remember it. I was told that in French it was called Lise-Vadé. Okay. The plot outline says that the life of Andy's friend, okay, of Andy changes when he's convinced and jailed for the murder of his wife. And the user command says it's simply amazing the best film of the 90s. So that's what it says. Okay. We cannot tell much more because basically none of us should believe this. The regime is very good then. Yeah. So the second one is a Schindler's List. It's a serious movie. It's from the Stevens-Pilberg and it's about the second world war. The plot outline is that the Oscar Schindler uses Jews to start a factory in Poland during the war and he witnesses the horrors endured by the Jews and starts to save them. User command says a film for all to see and learn. And I think it's really something what is very serious team and, yeah. So that's a Schindler's List. Do you have some comments? I have seen it. I think it's a really good movie. It's quite long actually. Here I didn't put the minutes but I think it's at least about three hours. And it's a heavy movie. It's emotional. You know if it received some award? No, I don't know. I think it did. Yeah, I think it's on that. Either for director, if not for best picture. Yeah. But I would expect it. I would expect it. Okay, so if you can go to the... But yeah, indeed it's maybe too sad and too... Well, it's a true story also. It's a true story, yeah. I would say that the user commands everything, a film to see and to learn. And to remember maybe as well, yeah. Okay, so the third one is the usual suspect. So I think I wouldn't... I don't want to comment it again so we can just skip that because this is the one already by Anya's. So let's go to the other one. Paul Fiction. I would say that's like a classical movies of 90s. It's directed by Quentin Tarantino. It's a crime and drama. There are several stories that are just mixed up during the movie. And yeah, it's a very classical movie I would say almost nowadays. So who has seen it? Anya? I've seen it. Yeah, I've seen it too. It's all of us. It's very good. It's a bit violent but it's also quite funny I think. Sure, you can see it several times because I mean the first time you cannot catch all the details. And then when you see second times and third times... It's the comeback from John Trevaldano. Yeah, that was his comeback movie. The comeback of John Trevaldano, yes. This release is there also. Yes, yeah. Is that... Oh, the boxer. Sorry? Fine. Yeah, yeah, Bruce will be the boxer. And what's the name of the girl on the poster? And Umar Serumad. Yes. Okay, so that's power fiction. Definitely should be considered. So on the list I brought on my document. The two movies, power fiction and usual suspects are just swapped. Power fiction is actually something before. Yeah, usual suspects. And maybe because IMBD is updated daily. That maybe. So if it happens that people had voted for it. Yeah, because I have did this review on Wednesday. Yeah, me to choose that it's quite surprising though. Yeah, it's strange with so many votes that they can shift. I mean, statistically speaking it's strange. Good fellas, I haven't seen that movie. The plot outline says that the Henry Hill and his friends work their way up through the map hierarchy. And the user command says it's simply a masterpiece. And if you go to the votes there is quite a lot of people who has voted for the good fellas, 66,000. Okay, it's still modern the average. So it's perhaps not a bad movie. I don't know. Actually I have seen it. I really? Now I realize. Yeah, now because I thought it was like another movie. But it is the movie. It was this movie actually. Okay. And how was it called? Mafia. Leza Froschie in French. I think it's that one but it's very violent. Very. It doesn't say here but it's probably rated R. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. So it talks about the 1920s or something like of 20s. No, it's very nice. It speaks about a guy who is not Italian who is going up in the hierarchy of Mafia. Okay. Okay. So not really in favor of this. The mob. So the mob is the Mafia actually. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Silence of the lamps. That's a good father of all Trillars I would say. Fully in line with the user comments. Basically it's a trill, horror and crime altogether. The plot outline says that the Clarice Starling, the young FBI agent is assigned to help find a missing woman and save her from the psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. This another killer is actually in a jail and it's Antonio Hopkins and he replaced it very good I would say. I'm not sure whether he received some awards for that but it's really. I don't know. Very good performance. Yes. Very good performance. And Judy Foster is very good as well. Yeah. And we can see her actually on the picture on the projector. She was pretty young, no? Yeah. I think yeah. I saw this movie some time ago and yeah she looked quite young. From when did it come? 91. 91. So nowadays she's already 14 years older. Yep. That's our we all. Yeah. And I saw this movie when I was like 12 or 13 and it was really a bad experience. So I can't remember all the details of that movie but I would like to see it again. I don't think I've seen it since then. I recently I saw the Honeyball, it was a third part actually. It was called Honeyball. No, it was a second one. It was a second one. Yeah. So that's why. But not that good, no? It wasn't that good but I think it was almost more disgusting. It was a disgusting guy. There were some scenes in it where normally I don't get queasy watching movies but that was just too much. Okay. What's your opinion? Your seed? Oh yeah, I've seen it. Yeah. It's a good movie. I don't know. Maybe too well known but since it's 15 years old many people have died. A little bit too violent. Yeah. For, I don't know. Violent and scary as well. Yeah. Psychopathy, I mean it's okay. And last choice. And the last choice that I think it's not a bad movie. It's American Beauty. It's a good movie. Yeah. That's a good one. It's basically about the people in America. Each of them is, I would say, psychotic in his own way but normally they appear to be normal people as we can see them every day. So, and it's really, it's the user command site. It's a deep, wonderful penetrating film extraordinary irony in a psychological drama about American life and I can fully agree with this user command. And Kevin Spacey. It's no Kevin Spacey. Yeah, Kevin Spacey. You received something, no? Quite possibly, yeah. He's actually quitting his job at the beginning but he's simulating a fight with his boss in order to push you. He's simulating. I've seen this movie but I think. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. To show him afterward. And then he fell in love with the friend of his daughter, if I remember well. Yeah. That's really... That's the girl who is represented on the picture. Maybe. Yeah. Theoretically. You recognize her belly. No, there is this rose because she's imagining her taking bathies with roses all around. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, so you recognize the rose? Exactly. Yeah. Okay. And I think that's the last. What would be your favorite one on this list? If you would like to go for something what is really serious, I would definitely go for Schindler's list. And if not, then... I would like to see this Shawshank Redemption because it received... Probably, yeah. None of us seen this movie unfortunately but as you can see from your table, there is plenty of votes. Yeah. It's actually, I think it's a movie with the highest number of the votes. Yeah, that's true. And it's Timor-Bins and with the Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman. Morgan Freeman, yeah. Yeah. Great actors. Mm-hmm. I mean, I see this name of the director on the slide but I don't really know him. Frank. There are more. Many there. Never heard of this guy. Yeah, but theoretically, I would like to highlight that it's a movie with the highest number of the votes and the highest ranking at the same time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. I think we have something. Okay. It's just, do we want to display the most popular movie or... Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah, I'm not sure. I think it's that popular in Europe at least because I only... You see, none of us have seen it. That's right. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. But it's true, yeah. We shouldn't stick to only very highly rated movies on this table. Though it's a very useful table but... Okay. Okay. Do you want me to... Yeah. Do you comment your... So, yeah, I wrote some notes on saving private try and which is my candidate. If you can display them, it's perfect. Yeah. Do you all have a copy of them? I do. I have some paper copies. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. You're welcome. So, actually given that more or less our theme since the beginning of the year was history, drama, action and given also that, well, we decided to present it. To present this month a movie from the 90s. I thought that among these movies who look quite popular, saving private Ryan would be a very good candidate. Actually, it's a movie I've seen. Have you seen it before? Yeah. Okay. So, you've all seen it. So, maybe everyone has seen it. I'm not very sure. But I think it's a very novel treatment of war. It's no longer the glorification of whatever, combat and victory. But the plot is quite different. It's about saving one person who has a special value in the movie, if only because his brothers actually were all killed. So, the government believes that they should save at least one person from the family. And saving means actually removing from the front, if you remember the plot. So in fact, this guy, the private Ryan is not at all the main actor. The main character is played by Tom Hanks. And it's actually you can see his picture on the second page of my notes, Captain John Miller. So, he is sent with this rather strange mission, which is not a combat mission, but they want just to get this guy back. Which is, in fact, this guy is, I think, behind enemy lines or something like this. So, it happens in Europe, just after the Normandy landing. And it's very, very striking the way they filmed all the combat scenes. And it's very dramatic. It's not like in a movies from the 50s or the 60s, where people will just fall and die anonymously. But here, they, well, you see everything and you see how many people die on the day. And you enjoyed that? The fact that you see... Well, it's very strange, you could ask this for any sad movie, did you enjoy it? Well, I didn't really enjoy it to see bad things. But I think it was satisfying to see that... It's very realistic. It's very moving. It's true. It's not very... It's not very... Well, happy. I don't know how it would compare with Apocalypse Now if it's darker or... Maybe it's very different. I don't think you can compare them. Yeah. So I think this would continue a bit our theme. So the movie is ranked quite high. If I refer back to your table, it's number... What actually? 14? Quite a lot of votes. So also one of the mainstream movies. On the second page of my notes, I... Well I quoted some facts about the movie that I found interesting. You could use them for either a poster or a presentation. Especially I enjoyed the story about the color saturation. It's true that the movie is not really black and white, but the colors are greyish, darkish. It makes a very moving effect. To make it like an historical movie. Yeah, I think also to show the... Yeah I think it's the reference to history and also this dark... This is the mood a little bit. Yeah, the mood and... Darker and... Actually, most of the things are quite grey, you know, the uniforms, weapons. Yeah, but you get a different impression of you. Bright blue sky and bright sunshine behind it. Exactly. But if I read your first point in this trivia... I'm just surprised because it says that all the principal actors underwent several days of cruel army training except for the madammon. And the reason was that they wanted... The director wanted that the other actors would resent him. Why this was wanted actually. Well I think madammon is the guy who must be saved. Yes, he's a member of the world. And in fact the dying... They didn't like the mission. Well, yeah, the people didn't understand why they should save one person. They're being sent to the front behind enemy lines to retrieve one soldier only because all of his other brothers died. So and they are quite resentful because they... I mean they feel they should fight, they shouldn't just go there and just get someone and get back. And in fact some of them get killed for this guy. Most of them get killed. Actually most of them. There's actually several people dying because of one single. Yeah, yeah. It's a very... I think some people are comparing it with a Christian message or... I don't know. But I think it's quite universal and it's a... I think it's a modern, very modern... What kind of message? Sorry I'm not getting you. Well this value of one individual looks like a Christian message. You know the value of one's soul is compared to others. I don't know. I think I heard this at that point but maybe I'm just wrong. So yeah I think it would make a coherent choice. It's probably a bit long and we might want something that is lighter and funnier. But if we want to keep this idea of history and conflict and also to show some kind of modern treatment of it, it would make for a good choice. But if you see in my notes at the bottom of the first page I put some other candidate movies. La Vita Ibela is an Italian one but it's also about history and it happens at the same period as Chindel's list. And I also quoted Pulp Fiction and Silence of the Lambs. A bit more remote from the themes but quite well known movies and enjoyable I would say. So do you have any questions about this or should we just move to the next candidate maybe? Yeah. Or we have your... I have no comments now. Okay. So actually I don't know if any of you have read the document I prepared on the big Lebowski. It's just below the table. It's below the table. I appreciate your table because I found this table really useful. Yeah, I wanted to say that it's quite open. There are many choices possible. But then my proposal is the big Lebowski from the two brothers, Kuan, Kuan brothers. And it's actually Joel Kuan who directed the movie. The plot is quite up to make but maybe you read it or you understood something from the plot. I tried to. I don't think the summary is quite good and especially I think it's... Well, when you read it you just want to go to see the movie. I think it looks funny for me. I haven't seen the movie but it's a bit like in my opinion like American Beauty because it's a funny movie but it critiques a lot the American society. And the Euro, the dude, the big Lebowski, it's actually his name, is a kind of non-hero but is representative of a normal LA guy and he has a friend from Vietnam and another friend who is never speaking. They all are together in a bowling club where they meet and they discuss about everything. They seem to have no job, I don't know, we never see them working. So they're working just to take it easy in the line. And actually he's taking part to a kind of... Some killers come to his apartment because they think he's someone else. And the whole story is about he wants to get some money out of this story and he's going to see the other Lebowski to ask him money because the killers actually damaged some stuff in his apartment. Actually, who are the two characters on the poster? It's Jeff Bridges and John Goodman. John Goodman you have probably seen him in a series now. And which one is the big Lebowski on the picture? On the right. Okay, so the guy was the guy on the left. And the one on the left is his friend? Or is that the other? He's the one coming from Vietnam. From Vietnam. And he's coming from Vietnam. He's still a kid for war. Okay so this movie is supposed to happen in what time? I mean it's... To movie from the 90s actually. The 90s and he's still prepared or still worked as he would come from the Vietnam. Yep, yeah, yeah. Okay, that's the problem. I'm going to actually... I want to show you some posters I prepared for this movie so we can actually discuss at the same time the poster design. So on the left you see the main characters of the movie. So the hero at the top left, then it's the guy coming back from Vietnam. Afterward it's a guy, John Torturo, they are competing with him on bullying contest. And Julian Moore and the last one is Buchini or something like Buchini. He's never speaking in the movie. Each time he's trying to speak the other one are stopping him. And this one is supposed to be the second Labofsky? No, he's not on the picture, the second Labofsky. So my proposition was to add the title of course, some information about the pricing on the right. Yeah, you cannot read it very well because... Yeah, but when it will be printed it will be okay I think. But actually I'm a little bit missing some information about our movie club. I think it should be some more information. We saw it prepared a second one where there is some information at the bottom. We can see that do you know about this Montreu English movie club? And I said that people can contact us to get part to the committee and select movies. Yeah, the text on this one is very good. Okay, because it's square. I like the layout of the first one, the content of this one. So perhaps we can some high points. But there is a third one. Actually, I prefer it because it's more colorful. Yeah, I don't like the black one. The first poster is I think much too dark. I think there's too many colors. Too many colors. Nowadays, you know if you see some advertisement. But it can catch the eyes actually. But nowadays if you see some advertisement on the street this is typical. It's hard to read. It's hard to read. But then the program I prefer the first one. Because I think it's important to have the plot of the movie. Especially for a movie people don't never know about it. Yeah, maybe two or three sentences because I guess they weren't stopping for a moment. I was wrong. Yeah. Okay, so what do you propose? What should I do for these posters? In terms of content? So layout of the first one and content of the second one. And colors of the third one? Okay, I'll try to do something. But first anyway we have to select a movie. So I put all the information and you want me to put at the bottom all the information about the committee. Yeah, like what you have there. Okay. Okay. And then maybe replace the paragraph that you had on the first poster. With either shorter sort of descriptions. Not even of the whole plot but just descriptions of the movie. I think the paragraph is too long. People don't generally just stand there and read the whole thing. Okay, so just to finish with the big label of skates. I think those two images are pretty representative. So on the top you see the hero with the cowboy that introduces the movie. And on the bottom it keeps dreaming in this movie because the killers put it in the damn or is drinking too much or so. Each time he's drinking he's having some dreams very very weird but interesting. So the woman on the second picture that's Julian Moore? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually she wants him to, she wants to make kids and she's using the big label of skates to have kids with him but he doesn't know. So maybe he's looking strange. Okay. So it's not really violent or I mean the movie is quite for general audiences. Yeah, yeah, it's very very sweet and it's like a dream actually. How is it actually ranked because I cannot see it here in your game? No it isn't in the table actually. It's coming at the end. It's here 48. 48. But quite a lot of people have seen it actually. Yeah, well at least voted for it. Yeah, vote. Hope more people have seen it. Yeah but generally vote when you have seen the movie, you know. Hmm. Okay so I think we should decide for a movie now. Yeah. So maybe each of us can select two movies or? Yeah, let's nominate. Let's nominate, okay. And then we vote which is from the list. So I will take basically two extremes. I will take Schindler's list and I will take the big label of skis. One of the, one of the mysteries is just funny and from the 90s. I mean even the story is from the 90s while the second one is about the second war and the second one is serious. Mm-hmm. Well I'll nominate the one I propose saving private Ryan. So history, war, drama and I haven't seen it but I would like to see it and I think American beauty. If you think that our series, okay it's not about America but still apocalypse, well yeah, it's about countries. So Agnes. I'd go for sixth sense just because it's different from all the other ones and maybe Shashank Redemption just because we haven't seen it. So Denny are you happy with our choices or would you like to add something? No actually I'm happy with the choices because I really, I would really push American beauty because I think it's an easy movie to watch and still there are a lot of things to think afterward and it's representative of the 90s I think. Okay, yeah. So what if we voted say like for a first and second choice and then we count, you can give two points to one and one point to another one. Would you like this? You enjoy to vote? Okay, let's. Okay, start on the. Okay, so I don't want to finish. Oh yeah. Well it's, well if I nominated two and I was the only one I'll give two points to saving private Ryan and one to American beauty. Okay, you don't want to finish. Yeah but then each of us will vote for our nominees. So I would propose to vote for us to give the points to the movies that were not nominated by you. Okay. Yeah maybe we can make some. That makes us more complicated. Yeah, okay let's. Okay so I'll give, okay two to the sixth sense and one to the big Lebowski. Okay, me I put two to American beauty and one to saving private Ryan. Okay. I know that you didn't nominate a film so you are sort of freer than us. So I'll pick Lebowski and I'll give two to American beauty and. One to the big Lebowski. One to the big Lebowski. Okay and I will give one to the big Lebowski and two to the Shawshank Redemption. Okay so it's pretty clear. So now try to sum it up. American beauty. So do we have some American beauty? I'm a beauty. I'm a beauty for the three. Big Lebowski three. So you have to reduce the posters. Yeah that's the only thing that's worrying me but it should be okay. Well you can keep it format. I mean you didn't have that many graphics in the first one. So you select, you wanted actually me to select this design. That text on the first poster. Yeah. If all of you can send me one image I can make something on the left. Select one image from the movie. These images are very nice and they are really representative perhaps. Maybe you can leave those. With a different title. That's the real question. I'm, yeah sure. Sorry. Make something. Sorry. Oh leave Julian Moore. I was sleeping for a while. No actually. She's playing in the... No she's not. No? American beauty? No. It's... Who is it? Annette Benning. Okay. Who's the main character? The main female character? The mother. Okay. Okay. Looking forward to seeing it. We still have to decide for next meeting and we'll also... When do you want these images by? Just quickly. By... Yeah tomorrow. Uh... Monday, next Monday. Um... So we have to select a movie for May. It should be from this period because 90s I think we can meet at the same period. 2000s. So we'll try a movie from the 2000s. Mm-hmm. And we can meet at the beginning of May. Yeah. So I think Monday is second. No. No, Monday is third already. Third already. Whatever. Monday, May 3rd? First Monday of May. Okay. First Monday of May, yeah. So it's after the projection and we will see what are the reactions of the people and so it makes sense. Yeah. How many people we got to... Yes. We can ask people casually sort of what genre of movie they want. Mm-hmm. But then June, what are we going to do in June because we cannot make movies from 10 to 10? Uh... To start again. Some kind of movies that spans across periods. I think that is a good day with a lot of quotations from other movies. Well, other, let's see when we... Kowotofu, yeah, maybe. Let's cross the bridge when we get to it. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. See you for what's the movie again. Twenty-nine. American Beauty. Okay, American Beauty. Thank you. Okay. Okay. Correct settings, be?