 Hi. Hello. Hi, everyone. So, I don't know if you always see the agenda for this meeting. You know I haven't. Here we go. So, the goal for today is we have two goals. First is to decide the movie for the next projection for our movie club. As you know, so it's for the last Friday of this month of April. As you probably remember, the movie already projected where Lawrence of Arabia and Apocalypse now in February and Amadeus from Milas Foreman in March. So, the question that is open is are we going to select a movie from the 90s and which movie? So, that's the first goal, decide for a movie to be projected. And the second goal is to discuss for an advertising poster for our club because we noticed that last time not enough people came to the projection. So, that's it. Who wants to start? So, I guess you all prepared some documents for the selection of the movie? Yeah. Yes. So, who has what actually? I've got a PowerPoint presentation. What do you have, Mirak? I have a PowerPoint presentation and it's about, there are some reviews of the, I think, like seven movies. And I have a, well, just a piece of paper with some suggestions. What about you, Denny? Yeah, you have also a piece of paper with my Faroite movie. Okay, so we start with the presentations maybe? Yeah. Agnes, we can start with you. It's not very long in any case. Okay, in your case. Yep. I pass this one. Yeah. Okay, so what I was thinking is basically the previous movies that we had, which you've already mentioned in the agenda, Lawrence of Arabia, Paul Clips now and Amadeus were fairly historical, serious, dramatic, and also action-y movies, except for maybe Amadeus. And this month I was thinking of selecting something that's more in the present time, still dramatic, but slightly less serious. And what I'd propose is something of a thriller or a mystery. And I know that a lot of people find mysteries, not really mysteries in the movies these days. They kind of can predict what's going to happen. But in the 90s, there were some movies that did have surprise endings and then people came out saying, okay, didn't see that coming. So I thought we could maybe show one of those. And even if people have already seen the movie, a lot of the times you go back and watch the movie again and you pick up on things that you didn't really notice the first time around or you see where the clues were and what led up to the end. So that's more along the lines of what I was thinking. And the two in particular that I would propose are, next slide please, the usual suspects and the sixth sense. I don't know if you've seen any of them. The usual suspects was directed by Singer and written by Christopher Macquarie. It has a fairly large cast, so I'm not going to read all of them, but the main characters are Kevin Spacey and Gabriel Byrne. And it's basically about five criminals who get set up. They're arrested. They're released from prison. And they get together and plan a crime. And basically the story is told through the views of one of the suspects. The tagline is kind of neat. Five criminals, one lined up, no coincidence. And you get told the story that these characters are being controlled by one sort of Uber villain. And in the end you find out who the Uber villain was. And I kind of like the quote from Rolling Stone magazine. The usual suspects is the freshest funniest. Which one was it again? The guy who was controlling? I don't remember. I've seen the movie twice. Have you guys seen the movie? No, I haven't seen it. It's a bold guy. You want me to give away the movie? No, no. That'll spoil it. I'll tell you later. But the quote from Rolling Stone is fairly accurate. I think it's one of the freshest funniest and scariest crime thrillers to come along since Pulp Fiction. It is a sixth sense with the famous line, I See Dead People, which the little boy says. It was written and directed by M. Knight, Shayamalan, and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment, and Tony Collette. And again, it has a neat twist that you find out right at the end. Yeah, it's a bit more commercial that one. Yeah. The first one. I mean, yeah, the sixth sense was very commercial. So what is the second image on the slide? It's the poster for the sixth sense, but unfortunately I couldn't find a clear, big enough one. It has a strange format. Yeah. Horizontal. I think it's only part of it. Yeah, it goes all of the senses. If you go to the next slide, there's slightly more detailed things about the movies. So the usual suspects is 105 minutes long, so it's a decent length of time. It has an R rating, so I don't remember what type of audience we had at the last shows, but it may not necessarily be suitable for kids. R is sort of, if you're 18 and under, you have to have an adult with you. Okay. It's mostly for violence. It's restricted. Yeah, it's restricted. It got an 8.7 out of 10 on the Internet movie database. It's a 16th in the top 250 movies and 4th in the top movies of the 90s. It won a couple of Academy Awards, notably for Best Writing, so that's for the script and Best Actor for Kevin Spacey. That's the way to... I have the top 10 from the 90s, no, the top 50, and it's 4th. Yeah, 4th in the top movies of the 90s. Oh, sorry, sorry. 16th in the top 250, I think, of all time. Yeah, because your table is only the 90s. Yeah, 90s, yeah. So it won lots of awards. It won Best Film for the British Film Association, or the British equivalent of the Academy Awards. It was nominated for Best Foreign Film for the Cesar. So plenty of awards, really. Plenty of awards. That's 16th. Well, 250. It's what all days... I think of all time. All the days, yeah. Yeah. So... It's still good. Okay. But those ratings are more like it's number of votes, no? Yeah, it's ratings by viewers. No, actually, if you look at your tables, I think it's a sort of, well, average between number of votes. And ratings. And, yeah, the rating or the marks. Because they're in your table, you have things that have very few votes, but still are ranked quite high. Yeah, like my 24, which has only 4,000 votes. Yeah, and 44 as well. But which has 740-something votes. So it's definitely just the average of the rating. And, okay, the number of the votes is there just for the information. Yeah. So that... Maybe it's just the... Or just compensated a bit for the number of people. I don't know, actually. Because if you have just 10 votes and... Okay, then you have probably an odd in the database. Yeah. But yeah, anyway, it has excellent votes. Yeah. Haven't seen it. Yeah. That's a good movie. I highly recommend it. And I wouldn't mind seeing it again, because I do know the ending, and I haven't been able to watch it again to see where the hints were. That were scattered across the movie. Because apparently there are hints as to who it is. I don't know, I remember. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sure, there is one guy who is at the police station, and they ask him to tell the story. He's one telling the story. Yeah. Yeah. There's him and the guy in the burn unit. What is the second movie? The second movie is The Sixth Sense. Again, it's fairly short. It has an easier rating. It's PG-13. It's much less violent. It got an 8.1 out of 10. It's 101st in the top. 250. And it's 19th on your list, I think. If I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it's 19th. Got a fair number of votes, too. 96,000. Again, it was nominated for a lot of different Academy Awards. I didn't win any, but I got a lot of buzz, and a lot of people liked it. Those are my two selections. And as you can see, the plot is a boy who communicates with spirits. I don't know when their dad seeks the help of a dishearted child psychologist to figure out why he's seeing what he's seeing and what it means. Both movies are quite similar in some way, because the last sentence is totally contradictory to the whole movie. Yeah. Yeah. The last sentence from the movie? Yeah. The last sentence from the movie. Yeah. It's only right at the end where you find it, really what's going on, and it makes you rethink everything that happened beforehand. Mm-hmm. So, those would be my two suggestions. They are slightly more commercial, or at least the six senses, than the other ones we've seen. So these guys were actually nominated. Yeah. So the bottom part of your slide, actually, it says, yeah, so these are the best awards they had. Yeah, they were nominated for a lot of different awards. They didn't win too bad. I guess I can't remember what the competition was about here, but... Oh, the one's just one winner. So... Uh-huh. They were nominated for a lot of them. And... Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I think that's it. You have a last slide, or... No. That's it. Okay. Now you can go to two more slides. Okay. Actually, what I have prepared is just a kind of review of six or seven movies, if you can go to this. You sent your slides around, right? Yes. Basically seven movies, and it's a top movie based on the ranking and awards. You see the names of the movies on the wall. So we can perhaps go through all of them, and we can a little bit discuss. So I didn't see all of them, actually. So we should probably select one of these, because I think these are really good movies. Okay. We will see. Okay. So if you can go through... Okay. So this is the first movie. And it's more like a drama. It's very high ranked. And actually you have a nice list, because we can even see the number of the votes. Yeah. One hundred people. One hundred. I think your table is very clear. Four two thousand. Finally, I found actually your table much better than my presentation, because perhaps here we can really see. No, we don't have the plot of the... We have the movie. Yeah. Okay. Okay, but maybe we can... We'll see in this movie. Yeah. We'll see in this movie, because then perhaps... No, I haven't heard a lot of good things about it. I've heard it's a really powerful movie. I think I have seen it, actually. What is the name in French? Because... I have no idea. Uh-huh. Yeah. It's in jail, right? Yeah. It's in a jail. Yeah. It's fine. I don't remember what it is. Actually, your third slide has the plot. Yeah. It's this one. Yeah. It's the one that is on the wall. Oh, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So, yeah. This guy is jail. Okay. Wow. Okay. So, I... Okay. Okay. So, no one of us saw this movie. So, in this case, perhaps it's a little bit dangerous to select that movie for the... For the... This place. So... Well, a chindereusist. Who saw this? Me. Yeah. I think this is really nice. This one is really nice. It's... You know, all of you know the story. Mm-hmm. So... Yeah. It's quite high-ranked. So, I think it's not a bad movie. I'm thinking whether there was some good occasion. Something would... Has happened recently. There was something like a celebration of the... Fifty years after the war or something recently now. Uh-huh. No. I think there was a celebration of... 60 years from now. 60 years from the liberation of the camps. It's a kind of 50 years. Because they were liberated beginning for the Five. Yeah. So... Yeah, it's not bad. And it's also, I think it's a good idea, at least from my point of view, it's coherent with the previous films. Like history. Yeah. In major events. That's right. I don't know if we want to keep this coherent or change radically. It's a very emotional movie though. Yeah, that's... That's one thing to keep on playing. Yeah, I think it's a drawback. But then it's not representative of the 90s. It's more a movie about the story of the era of the Andur by the Jewish during the Second World War. Yeah, but Emanteus isn't really representative of the 80s. Well, of the 1780s. Yeah, according to your thing, it's 90s war. Yeah, it's... Maybe it's representative of the style of the 80s. I don't know. That's what I doubt. Yeah. That's... I don't know. But even here I wouldn't say that this style is representative of the 90s, right? No. Yeah, hard. Okay, but anyway, I think it's a really good movie. It's a good movie. I like it when I saw it. And... Okay. Okay. It's one of the candidates. I definitely... Yeah. Even Spielberg is really quite a good... So I... Director, so I would say we could think about it. Okay. I would keep it as a candidate, at least. Yeah. That's... Okay. I would also suspect we want to say something again about it. No, I think we can just skip this one. Oh, come. It's coming third on your list. Yeah. Yeah. It's fourth on Anya's and on my list. It's okay. You selected some movies, no? You didn't take the six words. What is the rating? Yeah, it's funny, actually. Perhaps it's a chance. Because on your slides, actually the ratings are 8.7 for both. No, they have the same usual suspect and pulp fiction. Both are at 8.7, but on Denise table... They can update it. This one is at 8.6. It gets updated. Who knows? Maybe people voted for it, yeah. Yes. Yes. I did it. I did it on Wednesday. And me on... That was 100,000 votes. It shouldn't change too much. I mean, given the number of votes, I wonder. But anyway, it may change, I think. So it probably has changed. So... It became small popular. No, Paul. Yeah, you are. Okay, Kaji. Do we have something to add on this movie? No. No. Okay. Wait, how many of us saw Schindler's list? Three of us? Did you see it? I'm just trying to keep track of how many of us have seen Schindler's list. Yeah. I saw it. You have. You haven't. I've seen very few movies from the list. About 10 out of the first few. That's why you are in the movie club to see more movies. Yeah. Okay, Paul fiction. I think it's again quite high ranked. But from my perspective, everyone already saw it. Who was interested in that movie? He saw it. Who is not interested in that movie? He didn't see it and he wouldn't like to see it in our movie club. So I think we should just skip it out and leave it out. I wouldn't think about this as a candidate. Even if it's a good movie. It's quite representative of the 90s I think. And the structure of the movie is interesting. I think the first scene is actually the same scene as the last scene. No. There is a kind of loop in this movie. Yes. I think there is plenty of loops actually. I think also it's old enough that even if people saw it the first time around, they don't necessarily remember everything that happened. Because I remember seeing it when it came out. But I don't particularly remember. I fully agree that you can see this movie three times perhaps. Three times and for the fourth time you still discover something new. But on the other hand, I have the impression it's really, you know, everyone saw it. It's quite well known. You've seen it? Yeah, I've seen it. I like it very much. So we've also seen it. And the soundtrack is gorgeous also. No? That's why? The soundtrack. I don't remember the soundtrack. Well, it's plenty of well-known songs. You know, the twist. Yeah, yeah. So what do you think? I wouldn't think about this as a candidate because it seems to me... Oh, I would keep it as a candidate. But I don't know. I think for the moment I guess most of these are candidates. So we'll try to... We voted the end or you won't... Yeah, we should probably vote the... Yeah, I think that's something that none of us like. We can just eliminate it. But we might as well leave everything until we end. Okay. I'm going through it. We could just eliminate. Okay, so we are not going to eliminate this one. Good for us. I didn't see it. No. No. No. But you can read the comment from the users. That's the last... It's called Scorsese. And it says simply a masterpiece. And it's a Scorsese last really great movie. Yeah, again a movie about on Mafiano. Yeah, it's against your movie. With Robert de Niro and two other guys. Ray Liotta and... I can't recognize them from the picture. The picture is not very cool. I think. A job picture. Yeah. On the right. Yeah, on the right. And the guy on the left is Ray Liotta. You recognize them or you can read the text on the images? I recognize them. I'm a movie buff. I know way too much about movies and... It's the exact same actors who played in another Mafian movie that I cannot... Lisef Roshi. It was the name in French. What was it about? About Mafia. That's why I didn't go to see this one. It seems to me they are all about the same subject and same... I don't know. It's a movie from the one that you saw that you mentioned. Probably. Yeah. Okay, nobody seen it. No, no. Probably not. Silence of the lamps. Should I tell something more? Good father of all trailers. That's what it says on the... What some user says. Okay, it's a little bit horror. I think it's quite... A little bit. It's definitely not for kids. But if the kids are not visitors of our cinema, why not? Yeah. One have to rethink when you are watching this movie you have to think and it's scary. Why not? So it's about a bi-cicopatic killer. Oh, man. What was it again? The plot? So the FBI agent is assigned to help find a missing woman and save her from a bi-cicopatic killer with the help of another killer. So the other killer is Hannibal Lecter who... Who is in prison. He's in jail and he's really weak. No, no. He tries to decrypt the other killers. He tries to help the FBI agent, but he plays head games with the FBI agent at the same time. He's really nasty ones. Or does he? With her? He manages to freak her out. Yeah, that's basically the point. Yeah. So on the picture you can see Jodie Foster and Ha Ha. The moth. Who is playing the moth? The moth. The one who is in jail or the one who... And the Hopkins. Okay. The other one I don't remember. I don't know that. You see him very often. But he plays three of them. But it's... I'm going to help Hopkins. He replays it very good. Very good team. So... But the plot is quite horrible. I mean, not the plot, but what the active killer wants to do is quite horrible. Yeah. I vaguely remember what it is. Okay. How many of us have seen it? I'm guessing you haven't seen it. No, I've seen it actually twice, I think. I've seen it. I think I've seen it a second time on TV, but maybe not a few. I've seen it, but I can't really remember exactly all the details. I can't either because I saw it right when it came out. It's probably a big, long time ago. It's from 1991. 1991, yeah. 1991, yeah. So... And I saw it when I was like 12 or 13. Yeah, me too. And at that age it was like... We're much too young. Okay. American Beauty was coming next, 7. It was quite nice. That was very good, yeah. It's actually there. Okay, it's here. And it's actually my last slide. So... Why you choose 7 movie? I don't know because it's nicely... I was thinking perhaps we are not able to go through more of them. Okay. So American Beauty, so I can perhaps read a little bit the user comment if you want. Or you can read the plot outline on the projector, but it's basically deep, wonderful and penetrating movie. Extra ordinary irony and the psychological drama about American life. Yeah, it's definitely about American life. Yeah, like... Superb and life. It's kind of crude, the critique, but on the other way it's quite pointy to things. There's a lot of very true things in it. Yeah, poetic. Yeah, you know, with the way of filming and... I don't know, I don't know. Okay, the way of filming is that I would like to see it. No, it's quite interesting. Yeah. So... It's much less dark than the other movies we have on that list. So it's not very violent really. It's not... well, it's dark. I know, it's not violent at all. Okay, no. But more... it's more... the critique that is quite crude because all the people in this movie are...... are psychopath in their own way. But not like violent cutting people. But they are normal people. That's scary. Just everyone has their own issues. Yeah. And what about the... well, that's picture with the girl and do you see naked people in the movie or...? Actually, there's... Is it about sex? It's a 50 years old man that quit his job and fall in love with the best friend of... His daughter. He's a daughter. It's like teenage daughter. So that's the best friend and he fantasizes about her and... Okay. It's... it's a good movie. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. And that's my last slide. So... You have seen it, me like? Yes, yes, yes. And I think, okay, why not? It seems to me that perhaps a... okay, definitely Shindler's list is perhaps more serious topic, for sure. But... Well, it depends. It depends what we want. Do we want that people are more like a relaxed in our cinema or are more interested in some particular things? What do you think? I mean, what should we... how we should... What should be the influence, how we are influencing the people in the cinema? Mm-hmm. I think we want them to see movies that they won't see otherwise, but I'm not sure then it's quite popular the movie we selected, so... Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's a mixture of bringing new things to them, but also making them enjoy the show so that they come to our movie club. So, yeah, I think we shouldn't maybe do very mainstream movies, but well, okay, the list here is quite... I don't know what was mainstream in Europe, like all of these movies are very mainstream for me. Yeah, I think also if you look at the number of votes here... These are quite mainstream, but... Yeah, regarding Denise Stable, I would say, given that this site... I don't know if it's mainly American, but I would say this... And there are other movies, but I think it's predominantly... Yeah, I think... I think there is... Yeah, it's English speaking anyway, so... Do you have these movies, English movies? Yeah, but if you look at... There's movies from everywhere, but... Yeah, but I would say mainstream are the ones that have more than 60,000 votes, and you can see some more... confidential films that have like 10,000, 20,000... Like Princess Mononoke, 20,000, and whatever, the Kislavski at 11,000, the Tracula... It's quite a lot for Kielowski, actually. Yeah, it's not bad at all, yeah. So, yeah, anyway, if you want a definition of mainstream or whatever. And Festerner also is quite I. I don't know if you've seen this one. It's the celebration, I think. It's a movie from Swedish guy? Danish, I think. It's the Dogma movie. Dogma movie, yeah. Lars von Preyer. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay, can we... Yeah, let's... Disgusting about your document, maybe? Yeah. So, it's... Actually, I have made... If I ask you for the... I have made photocopies. Oh, I have them, Denny. Okay. So, it's all for you. Actually, I tried to propose just one movie with some alternates. That's fine. And the... Denny, Denny, could you give me the list of the top 50? Sure. Yeah. But do you have your own copy? Yep. Okay, good. Thank you. So, my proposal, which is only a proposal, would be to... To keep the focus on more or less history and action. So, Lawrence of Arabia was okay about this guy during the First World War. So, it happens outside Europe and the States, but it's a piece of history. Poco-leaps now, it's Vietnam, if I'm correct. And, okay, I'm a dose that's much earlier, and it's not about... It's not violent, which is a nice thing, I think. But, given that we would like a movie from the 90s, I thought the saving private Ryan, oh, thanks for projecting the document, would keep this, more or less, this theme of history and war and action drama, while showing actually a very new, and I would say, humanistic view on war. Because it's not like the sort of glorification of the good guys that go against the Nazis, but it's a... Well, the plot, actually, you don't know it. It's about people looking for just one soldier, in fact. It's about a family of four brothers, who actually three of them get killed during the war in these days of... Well, I guess, summer 44. And, well, the government decides that they need to get back the fourth brother just to save one member of the family, and this guy is private Ryan. So the movie is not about killing the Germans or whatever, it's about saving at least one guy from a family. So, but of course the setting is during the war, and it's very realistic and very traumatic, in fact. It's not at all a glorification of war, but it's just... It shows a bit the violence of the things. And especially the beginning is... I think it's great, it's very violent, but it's an image of war. It's quite horrible, actually. Very violent. Yeah, but I think, well, if you compare it... I saw it, and I'm trying to remember the beginning, that's the normal... The landing, yeah, it's the landing. And actually, more or less, everyone gets killed. It's a piece of art because he used something like 100 camera to film that. Oh, I don't know, but yeah, actually it's very well filmed and it's very realistic. And I don't know if you compare with... I don't know, in Lawrence of Arabia, I think they have some battles and camels. I know it's very nice. Someone falls somewhere there, and... Well, you know, it's like battles that look nice, but this one doesn't look nice, and I think it's... It's also maybe a representative of the 90s, you know, people starting to get a more realistic view of war. But it's true, it's a bit violent. And so what I put here, it's a bit long, too. It's nearly three hours. But I don't know, apocalypse now is quite long, too. Yeah, it is. There is two. The art version, I think. Yeah, the redox version is longer. Yeah, we projected the longer ones. Yeah. So it won five Oscar prizes, best director for Steven Spielberg, best cinema cinematography, etc. How many times Spielberg received the best director? I think just one for this. Not for the Schindler list or for... Oh, maybe he did. For E.T.? No, for E.T. he didn't. He won't... It wasn't until he started doing things like Schindler's list and saving Private Ryan that he actually started winning awards. No, he won't. He won't. Can... What is... Palmodo. Oh, okay. Mm-hmm. Go ahead. Okay, so, yeah, that's the point. It's a bit gray. And actually, if you look at my second page, in the trivia, I found out that, in fact, they actually reduced the color saturation of the movie, just to make it look maybe a bit like the documentary. That was very interesting to read the time. Yeah, it was very surprised to find this. But then they read that they... They turned back the color. They re-engineed the color. Yeah. Because people start to complain that... That is their TV is a lie. That was a problem with the TV when they were broadcasting the movie on the TV. Yeah, so this fact number two, I think, obviously, for me. Technical piece of my house. It's an interesting point. It's quite funny. It's quite funny. So, yeah. So, I mean, these four points could serve also as an introduction, if you want to talk for five or ten minutes before the movie. I don't know, in the room. So, yeah, this would be my candidate, but I'm very much interested. And then there is a hero. I mean, it's a non-hero. And in all the other stories in the previous movies, there were a hero, Lawrence of Abya, Amadeus. A book that is now also a non-hero, I think. Yeah. But, yeah, I don't remember. It's actually the... Yeah, on the picture, actually. Yeah, it's dumbhangs. In fact, you don't see Private Ryan until the end, more or less. Or you see... Yeah, but two birds in the way through the movie. Yeah, but the end, two countries. Most of the movies, they're trying to find him on the front. He's Private Ryan? No. No, he's trying to find him. Yeah, he's trying to find him. Well, the caption says Captain John Miller. So, if you look at the caption... Yeah, so the Private Ryan was Matt Damon. Yeah, so the Private is just a simple soldier, actually. By the way, did he find Dye-Thingley or not? Who, Private Ryan? No, no, they find him, actually, and they send him back to the family. But the Captain Dye is actually... Is him at the beginning of the movie at the graveyard, right? Oh, yeah, but Private Ryan remembering that beginning. With his family. Because I remember that in the end of the movie, they are trying to defend some bridge or something and there's quite heavy shooting and finally it's actually John Miller who died. Yeah, exactly. He dies, unfortunately. So, yeah, there is sacrifice. At the end, to tell you the truth, I didn't like so much the movie because it was quite moralistic because there were a guy who didn't kill a German because he was quite non-violent and because he didn't kill this German, the German killed... I don't know, maybe... Perhaps it was this Tom Hanks, yeah. And it was like, if he had killed... Yeah, the German. If he would kill him, he wouldn't know. Because it... Tom Hanks wouldn't die. Well, I mean, yeah, it has a moral dimension all over the movie, you know, saving the individual and the guys. So, yeah, I don't know. I don't know how many people have seen it well among you, well, most of you actually. Oh, yeah. Oh, okay, all of us. So maybe people know it quite well. Yeah, we are running... Yeah, okay, so, yeah. So I have some other candidates. It's on first page at the bottom. I also put Pulp Fiction, the Silence of the Lambs, and also the, well, sort of included La Fita Ibella, but I know we're in English movie clubs, so I guess it's... It's a bit out of purpose. But it's... But it's the movie about the La Fita Ibella. Oh, it's about, again, about the camps and the Second World War. So it's about a family of Italians, which arrives into a death camp. And in fact, it's treated in a more or less humorous mode. So the father tries to hide from his boy that they are in a death camp. And is this very strange... Well, not really humor, but relation between the... How would end up... How is the... What is the... Well, the boy gets saved, but the father dies. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So... I don't know. It created some controversies, I think, because people said you shouldn't do any form of humor related to the camps, but it's very, very moving, so I think it's... Anyway, Italians. There's actually a third movie about the Second World War. Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, and... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Danny? Yeah, so I have a quite different movie to propose you. I don't know. It's called The Big Lebowski from Joel Cohen. Actually, they are browsers. You probably know them. I don't know how many of you have seen this movie. No. I haven't just partially seen it, but I heard it's very funny. I've seen some other films by the Cohen brothers. Yeah, they made Fargo. Yeah. Which is in your table. And the last one was the one with Catrin at that chance. Crow. Crow. Crow. Crow. Crow. In tensions or something like that, I think. Yeah, something about Crow. Okay, so... I don't know how I'm going to sell you this movie, because actually the plot is impossible to make, because it's actually inspired from a movie called The Big Sleep, and... A movie or a novel? It's actually... Where I've seen that? It's a movie from Raymond Schundler, The Big Sleep. No, but they say that Raymond Chandler wrote the novel. You see, it's the last but one paragraph on your screen. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's a novel, okay. But then the story goes that while that film was in production, and director, oh, okay, okay, you are right. For the book. Okay, so it's about a guy called the Dude. I don't know how you pronounce it. And it's actually smoking pots and doing nothing. Just... He's living in LA. It's a typical fellow from the suburb. And he has some friends, typical friends. He is an old guy coming back from Vietnam, obsessed by Vietnam. Another guy who is never speaking, and they all pay together a bullying. And the casting is very interesting. Okay, actually I wanted to propose you some posters related to this movie. Maybe it's going to open the discussion on posters as well. So, actually here on this, the first poster you can see the actors from the movie. I don't know if you know some of them. So Jeff Bridges at the top, Goodman is the second one, the big guy. Then Turtaro. And the last one is Buchini. And I don't remember the name of the girl. It's Julian Moore's name. Yeah, Julian Moore. You wrote the paragraph on the poster? I took it from... I don't know where. Okay. Could she edit it a bit? Actually, I'm not going to describe much more the big Lebowski, but it's quite hard to describe. It's a journey about this guy, but it's a movie quite surrealistic. I mean, there are some parts that are coming from dreams. Why the movie is called the big Lebowski? Why the big? Lebowski is his family name, right? Yeah, it's his family name and actually Jeff Ray Lebowski. And there is a story with another Lebowski. Yeah, two Lebowski's in there. And why the big Lebowski? It's the second one. I don't remember. Maybe it's just because of the big slip. I don't be a reference. A reference. So it's like American beauty in some way. It's even worse. We see worse people. So it's kind of an ethnographic movie, I would say. And it's a modern era. It's quite fun. And the casting is marvelous. So that's it for this movie. And I just wanted to go to the design of the poster, actually. I kind of like that. Yeah. It's probably a bit dark for a poster, but otherwise it's very nice. The idea is also to discuss the content, should we put a summary of the movie or the plot and what kind of information do we want. So that's the first poster. There is also this poster. Quite dark also. So I don't know if you cannot really see, but there is the pricing information. So we say that one movie is 8 francs and three movies, 18 francs. And we can have an annual subscription of 60 francs. I wanted to say some information to involve people in the committee as well, if they want to take part to the committee to select movies. And what else? This is not bad because it says something a little bit about our movie club. And the big club of skates clear that it's a movie and I guess the people can remember that it was a movie at least, even if they haven't seen it. Looks like a CD cover. Yeah, actually the idea was to, yeah, there is at the bottom a scene from one of these dreams of the big Lebowski. And the first part is actually you see a cowboy and the hero, the Jeff Lebowski, the dude. And the cowboy, actually at the beginning of the movie the cowboy introduced the story and he's coming back at the end of the story. And he's explaining what kind of movie you are going to see. Okay, sounds a bit crazy. And last postures, same principle but I don't know, I was thinking of adding some quotations of well-known directors. I like it because it's not so dark, so the images are a bit brighter. I actually don't like it. Although I think you can mix, I would keep the format of the first one, add the quotes and the content information from the second one. Yeah, that would be the best one. So take those quotes, get rid of that section of text, put those quotes in there, put the information you had in the second poster about the movie club. How to join, kind of in the middle and keep this title and everything just slightly higher up. Okay, I see. What about a brighter background? Because this one, I don't know how it would show on a wall or something like this. It doesn't really catch your attention. I think it does. I think the contrast between the strip of film or the strip of pictures and everything else is... Okay, I see. What I wanted is more or less to know the content of the movie, what you want to have on the poster. Yeah, because we did... Because the poster was very good on the second one. Okay, on that one. Yeah, so take all of that. All this information. Throw it up into the first one and then maybe add the quotes that you had from the famous directors, sort of at the bottom. Or just one of them. If they fit there. If they fit there. Okay, great. So I think now we have to decide for a movie. Oh, yeah. So I would suggest... Some big love of skis. If it's not too long. Maybe each of us could nominate one or two movies. We make a list and then we vote. Okay, good idea. What do you think? So, what's... So, Mirac, what do you nominate? So, I'm really convinced by the big love of skis. You are? Yes, yeah. I would like to, at least to have it in the... In the nominees. In the nominees. Exactly. Another nominee. And... The usual suspects. I remember all of them. Okay, Agnes, usual suspects. Mainly because only two of us have seen it. And it's not a mainstream movie. So I don't think a lot of people would have seen it to begin with. Yeah. You can nominate one or two. So that we... Or whatever. I would nominate, well, okay, my candidate, saving private Ryan. And I'm happy with your nominations too. I would nominate also Pulp Fiction because it's a very good movie. Dunny, so that yours is already nominated. American Beauty as well. Yeah. And I would be okay with saving private Ryan. Okay, so it's already on the list. And then I'm still hesitating between the Schindler's List and the Silence of the Lambs. May I nominate all these three movies? Big love of speech on the list and the Silence of the Lambs. So we have seven candidates. If you have a good short term memory, that should be okay. So you're released by what, too? So, Big Lebowski, usual suspects, saving private Ryan, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Schindler's List, and Silence of the Lambs. So now let's vote. Should we vote just for one film? Or should each of us say... So eliminate first? One movie each and then we select. I'm sorry, could you go to the list of the movies? So, Big Lebowski. Is it possible to put them on the whiteboard? I can write on your paper, maybe. The Schindler's List, usual suspects, Silence of the Lambs, Big Club of Ski, and Saving Private Ryan. Okay. Saving Private Ryan. So, I'm missing one. What am I missing? Top Fiction? Yeah, Top Fiction. Okay. So each of us chooses one to eliminate. Yeah, that's a bit cruel, but... That's a good way. Okay. The name? Me, I will remove Silence of the Lambs because I think it's too violent. Okay. I will just remove it this way. Okay. I would remove Schindler's List because it's too sad. Okay. Well, not very good reason, but... Top Fiction. Well, too bad. And I would turn it... And you have the reason for it or... I'm not a huge fan of Quentin Tarantino. Okay. And I would eliminate Top Fiction actually as well if so... Maybe you can eliminate another one. No, no. No, no, no. It's gone. Okay. So we're left with the Big Lebowski usual suspect saving Private Ryan and American Beauty. Okay. So let's vote just simply for one for the moment. So I would vote for American Beauty because I haven't seen it. I voted for the Big Lebowski. We're all gonna... Something different. So we're at the Big Lebowski. Agnes, Denny. Agnes, Denny. I still like the usual suspects, but I like American Beauty too. So... Make a decision. Usual suspects. Okay. No, I have the... Yeah, you can choose... Okay. You're the president maybe after all, huh? Yeah. Okay, so I'll go with the Big Lebowski since the poster is already ready. Already ready, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm... That's fine. So... It'll make a good change from... Yeah, I think at least it's funny and that's nice. Okay. So... Okay. This is gonna be Big Lebowski. Mm-hmm. Okay. That's your fault, Mirac. You don't like it, it's your problem. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. I mean, yeah, it's... We have other monteys anyway. I've never seen it. So can we decide for a next meeting? Maybe... Well, beginning of May, I guess, to choose the film for May? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, beginning of May, but there is plenty of holidays at the beginning of May now. Yeah, the fifth is... Asuncio. What's that? Asuncio. Going up to the sky. Okay, or we'll design after the projection of the movie to date. Yeah, we can do it like the Tuesday before the ascension, so that's May 3rd. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, yeah. So, thanks for the posters, actually, the need there. Very nice. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. And see what the... See on what? April 26th? No. No. 29th. Okay. We're looking forward. I want to see it. Okay. Okay. We're looking forward. I want to see it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. We'll see if we'll actually use this project here because all of the graphic books that are left in studio are in studio, and now, an deep state of animation for example, for each state ofHand OR, and how do you check this out? Take the hand once and post the data. Continue. Take the data. All worked for? Okay. Quantification forThink Page Box, starts at least 38- Standardize disabled information for differentize The movie. Never mind. Beforeput, the message is until skily. Okay. Kinda low. But the map for the news in turn is impossible.