 Any specific positions? I want to sit there with my hand. I want to be a friend of mine. Yeah, thank you, President. Any specific positions? I want to sit there with my hand. Well, I'm going to raise this before. I'll show you some slides. It's all very natural. It's a little strange. Yeah, I think it's not bad like this. And don't forget to. So, hi everyone. Thanks for coming to this meeting. Well, as you all know, the topic of this morning's meeting is the fact that we're moving and we're going to get more space, so that's a very good piece of news. But we also have to find out how we use this space. So, if you want, I'll just give a brief overview of what's happening. And then we can talk about, well, arranging these new office space. So, in case you haven't seen the document, let me just show you very briefly the configuration of the space. So, well, there is nothing much to say. Well, you know how many of us are present and you know that we're a bit diet, actually, in our present location. That's why actually the university finally allocated us this part of the Unimile Building. So, it's at the sixth floor and it's set of contiguous rooms, as you can all see from here. So, the 1P2P3P means the number of persons. As you can see, we have a corridor with a number of rooms, 1P2P3 and 3P1. Actually, I think Agnes did this nice drawing. So, she even put the views. So we have the old town on one side and the mountains on the outer two sides. We have some bathrooms for us. And the courtyard, which actually means a sort of shaft because the court is down at the first floor. Andre, just a clarification question. Are the number of people per room indicated strict? Or can we play around with? I mean, if there are two people, is it really that you can't put three or two and a half? Or how was it called? Well, it's a bit difficult to say because, in fact, we have some constraints in terms of furniture. They're here. So, well, your question actually is answered maybe by the third item. So, each person should get, well, it's a sort of desk. It's made of two pieces and it looks like a corner, with, of course, a chair, a filing cabinet that goes under the desk. And, well, we can put hanging shelves over the desks. So, I'm not really sure it's possible to get three desks in a two-person office. But we could try. What should be said here? I don't know if, well, you, I will maybe distribute now. Documents, if you don't have them, maybe it's easier. Do you need something, Martin? I can't keep this for you. So, it's, yeah, you have a copy Susan, YouTube, David, I think. So, in fact, there are more places than people, so we won't be that constrained. As you know, some of us and some of you here actually, Martin, David, our part-time, so it's, for the moment, quite comfortable. Normally, we should even get an extra, an extra place for, you know, temporary people coming to work on projects. Yeah, I counted. So, we have 15 physical persons and about 16, I think, persons, or actually 18 persons in the offices. Yeah, counting the reading room. Exactly. So, one of the issues here, it's probably not on the slides, is that we would like to have, unlike what we had until now, lounge or reading room, in one of the offices, so in one of the rooms. Do we really need that? I think quite a lot of people expressed the need for that, so if we could do it, I think it would be much nicer. Let me also say something- Don't forget the time we spent for discussions about that room, and be able to volorize this. I think we are not so large, as far as space is concerned, because 15 people to put in their 18 positions, so to the best, if you take two people room for the reading room, then you have, well, 16 place slots for 15 people, so it's still should be feasible. That also means that the growth will be zero. Yeah, I think that's quite important to manage some space. Maybe we can think of some two or three- Visiting people, students, students, etc. Okay, so let me finish with the constraints, which are almost done. So we also need to find a spot for the photocopier, the fax machine, and the printer. The fax is very small, but the photocopier is quite huge, huge and the printer is, well, up this size. OK, the offices come with whiteboards, not very important. The furniture that each person has, and you have a list of people. So the thing you ought to know is that we're not the only ones that we're thinking about putting people in these rooms. There is another group that is also having discussions. So the idea is that today we'll just sort of start seeing the main constraints. And then you have time to go and think about it, ask the people, you know, your assistants, for instance. And at the next meeting, we'll try to come with one solution. The other group will also propose a solution, and then there will be another negotiation. And if we don't get this space, then what happens? If we don't get these? Well, basically, they are promised to us. So do you think there are chances that they take from us one of the rooms? Or OK. Yeah, I think it's a chance it might be that there are more people to put in that space. Yeah, that's one of the problems. I think maybe we should take this into account and maybe think of some of the bigger rooms with four people, one being temporary or part-time. OK, so maybe we could try to see now what would be the main options, say, the general arrangement options, do you think that we should put people, say, according to projects, for instance, in the table that we also have the main projects on which the people are working? So how interesting. So if you're interrupting, but one, again, clarification question, what is the real margin of maneuver that we have for these discussions? Because at least we have 50% of from EPFL. And sometimes you have meetings where the decision is already taken. And you can spend quite a lot of time discussing things. So what will be the impact of what we will come out? Oh, actually, what is fixed is the number of rooms. This we cannot really change. I mean, at least not us. It would be much more difficult to get another room, for instance. But what is absolutely not fixed is the arrangement of the people in the rooms. So basically, where all the permutations are possible. Another way of asking the question, is there any other group already working on how this should be allocated? Or are we the one that is supposed to do the position hurry? Well, what we are looking for is a solution that suits everyone and that makes the maximum of people happy. So the other group is, I don't think we have to see them as competitors, but they're just trying to find another local optimum. Why don't they have any representative here? Yeah, why didn't we have a meeting together? They have a lot of group. And then Andrea and Angesh will discuss about it with a certain representative of this group. Yeah, I think that's, yeah, there is no real competition between the two. But we'll just try to find at least two solutions and see how close they are, actually. I think, well, the people who decided this thought it was the best solution to, well, find two kinds of opinions. Well, we could have been eight sitting around here and talking, but I think it's more difficult. But you know, that's a standard thing. It's supposed that somebody for some strange reasons want to be in the corner, and we don't know about that. We'll put her or him somewhere else. Then we will do plenty of work for nothing because we'll not have this constraint. We'll be aware of this constraint. Exactly, I think so. So today the goal is not to find the solution today, but set some constraints and then go and see the people and find out if they have any preferences. Obviously, we won't be able to accommodate all the preferences, but at least we'll find the most important ones. Well, certainly we have to ask Pierre and Maggie since they're not here because they also have a lot of students that they have to see as we do. And so that's another consideration, too. Yeah, I think so. That's one of the things. I think we know that they have students. We don't know exactly if they prefer, for instance, to be alone or to be with their assistant or even with another person working on the project. So that would have been maybe another solution is to ask everyone to provide an arrangement, but I think that's a bit hard then to work out. So since all of you have a copy of the drawing, I think for the next time, maybe you could come with a concrete proposal with names on it. But let us try to see today whether we prefer to organize people, say, by projects or just professor and assistant. So what would be, say, first your preferences? Since let's start with us maybe today. What do you think about it? Would you prefer to be alone? Would you prefer to be with your assistant? You who are part-time, do you think you can come here on a very regular schedule or is it part-time but variable during the week? Yeah. OK. Me, personally, I would like to share the room with assistants as when you have problems of normal life, like the painter doesn't work. I don't want to ask this to my supervisor. So it's better to be with an assistant to share the room. And since you're coming only half-time, do you think you will be able to group your presence here, say, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday morning? Or is it going to be much more run-down? I don't think it's a good idea to share the same desk. I still would like to have my drawers and these things. Yeah, I think so too. So Martin, you're also half-time. And well, the third person is Gisela. I think it's quite clear that each person should have their own desk. Yeah, I agree with that. No way we could put two persons at the same desk. Well, part-time is important, is that it's an overload on a room. So for sure, if you have a part-time person that reduces the ranges of time where too many people in the room, as far as the end-pons are, I probably might be able to have a regular presence here. The thing that, in my case, has to be taken into account is that I will have a lot of phone calls. So I'll be talking over the forum all the time. So that's not necessarily, well, it depends on, I have nothing against sharing an office with somebody. I already did it before, so it was perfectly fine. It just has to be somebody who can work while somebody else is having phone calls in the room, which is very much dependent on people. Some people are not disturbed by this. Some people just can't work. Are you disturbed by the phone calls of other people? I'm not. OK. But what might happen, but it will not be so heavy here. At ISCO is visitors, so that I will have more at EPFL, typical students coming in or asking for things. As I'm not teaching here, I'm teaching at EPFL, this shouldn't be such a big load. So for me, it will be essentially. I will not be able to be silent in the room because I will be communicating also through vocal means. Before talking more about individual preferences, is there any possibility, what they have done in the faculty of law, for example, that they actually split rooms. And so we would take one of the two people who was in split it, and you would see that you would have the same size office, but that would give the privacy. In so far as in just about every other faculty in the building, every professor has their own office. And it really goes a bit far that we have to have all the sharing. So one option. But that we would need to ask about if we could split one of the rooms. Do you go for boxes, for instance, in the bigger rooms, where you know like cubicles? Cubicles, yeah. That doesn't really solve it. I mean, there's really a difference in having to have your own. Yeah, sometimes you need to have private discussions with somebody or whatever. I will try to find out whether we can separate. I think for the moment, the answer at least is no, because it's not only while making a wall, but also making a new door. So it's quite a lot of work. But I will try to find this out for the next time. So at least for the moment, as you can see, there are, I can show them here on the screen. So there are these two rooms on the left that accommodate one person. So at least some of the professors, since year four, could go, well, take these rooms. And quite a lot of rooms with two persons. How do you feel, Susan, about the professor sharing the room with her assistant? So the one which is the most involved in the teaching? Well, I think it's really a matter of personal preference. As you know, I prefer to have my own office. I also have a lot of phone calls, and you know, have to see people. And with the other work that I'm doing with the Rec Direct, that is really confidential information that I'm treating. So that I have to be really careful about too. But it's a personal preference in so far as what we've had up until now. Both Maggie and Pierre have been happy to share with others. So I mean, I think we should still check with them. I fully agree with that. It's much easier to me to foresee having two people of the same position sharing a room than. Well, not sharing with each other. They share with their students. Because it's tricky because of confidentiality reasons, as you said. You are discussing a budget on the project over the phone, typically you don't necessarily want to have somebody who will be dependent on that budget being part of the discussion. Yeah, that's true. OK. Maybe we could look a bit at the projects. Do you think it's a good idea to put together in the same room as much as possible people from the same project, since they've talked quite a lot of to each other? Project doesn't last in time. They will change. It's the only thing that will change only progressively in time as a status of the people. Well, yeah, and some of the PhD students will hopefully finish their PhD at some point. That's still something else. Yeah, and also some of the people mentioned here are working on more than one project, too. So for example, Marianne de Finne, she's also working with me on the virtual campus project. So that one wasn't mentioned. I'm not saying that I necessarily want to be with her in the office. But it's just to say people are working on sometimes more than one project. If projects are what you have in mind, I think that the meeting room is the tool for that. If you need to have people in the project talking together, they just have a meeting room. It's not too far away that it's a very good. Well, actually, so the lounge could serve as some kind of meeting room, but there are also more formal meeting rooms available in the building as we now know. That's why I was quite receptive to Susan's remark at the beginning is I wouldn't formulate it in such an extreme way as do we really need a lounge, but I would probably formulate it in a way that we want to have only a lounge or something that can be used only as a reading room. Because meeting rooms, to me, are very important tools to do collaborative work. So I think we need to have to relax. Yeah, and I think also we need a separate discussion on the furnishing of the lounge. Well, yeah, we'll just get that for now. I'll get that for now. No, the lounge OK, but I think we need to also see it as an overflow place when we have visitors for any length of time, so they actually have a place to work. Because that's really one of my worries with the plan that we have here is that it provides no possibilities of expansion. And this will happen. I mean, you can't prevent having visitors. And you shouldn't. Yeah, for the moment, actually, I think only one slot would be fully free. For 15 people, it's not enough. Yeah, that means one visitor at a time or one intern. Yeah, that's. You have four professors here. It's funny that we need two researchers. We're not building because we run out of a space and we will have the same problem. Yes, but we have more space here than we currently have. Yeah, it's already a progress. And you're working. I think, yeah. OK, so one of the things I have to do for the next time is find out about the separations between rooms. Because this is related with security regulation as well. I mean, you can't just put walls in rooms. Yeah, I think it's quite a heavy transformation of the building. It's not necessarily heavy in terms of work. It's heavy in terms of administrative authorization. And OK, I'll try to find out. And the other question is, can we squeeze maybe four people in the, or at least four places in the three P room? I think so. If you organize the desks in an intelligent way. Yeah, hopefully visitors don't need as much, say, filing space. Or, yeah, that's the point. Yeah, they don't have that many papers. OK, so that's, I have to ask. So you don't really feel very strongly attached to this grouping by project idea. No. No, because it can share their ideas across the project. Coffee machines, I'll be late for that. Yeah, exactly. When newer assistants come, they would like to share the room with someone that knows it's related with a project. So proximity doesn't play a big role there. You can discuss with people. And space is very small. I mean, altogether. And you don't need to discuss about the projects. You more need about to discuss about where is the printer, how do I get furniture. I don't have a pencil. Where is the box with the pencils and so on. This is not project related. No, if you look now at the current division of the offices, for example, Bruno and the Agnes are sharing an office. And they're working on totally different projects. And then they're just fine with that. Yeah, I think that's going to be one of the main things we'll have to ask, is whether people have strong preferences, either in staying with someone or in not staying. Are you aware of any strong constraints right now? Well, there were, but they sort of disappeared out of October when smoking located. Because before we were doing the smokers, and now that there's no smoking, I guess that's not a very important option. OK, yeah, that's true. So smoking is now no longer constrained. Well, except for you, maybe you don't even want anybody smoking on your balcony. Is it allowed to smoke inside an office? If it's one person, not anymore. No, it's not smoking campus. In principle, it's a no smoking building. You can smoke outside. So you can go outside onto the balcony. Even in the cafeteria? Not even in the cafeteria. No. Yeah, that's a new regulation. For all of the 6,000 students. On the roof, maybe. On the balcony, actually. Yeah, so balcony. Normally. There's that terrace. But Andre, there's no place inside the building. Wow, I typically say it's not a smoking campus, but there are some places though. Still some places, most people can survive. But Andre, just to commend the ball about your previous request, I don't think that anyone will provide you information such as who doesn't want to be with whom. That's a typical output of research and expert systems. These are the ones that you'll never get. But you can get them through a proposal. So you propose a set up where people are with other peoples, and they will find politically correct ways to tell you that they don't want to have a view on the mountains, but they prefer to have you on the old town. On the toilets? On the toilets. They prefer to be in another one. We do have one constraint that's difficult, which is in Gisela. Because once you're there, she's very noisy. She's on the phone a lot. That's the admin house. It's part of the work. It's the nature of her work that a lot of it is clearly. Yes, Martin's had also for him, and especially for her, she's the interface. That's a problem, you're right. Because we don't have enough one person rooms for accommodating the admin place. And if you put two persons or three persons for the admin space, who else will you put in there? Because we don't have any system manager, or we don't have only half part, half time admin, and no other non-researcher positions, if I'm not mistaken. And this is really a piece of a problem. Maybe you could put some visitors. I think very realistic in an admin space. I think putting Gisela with the other admin of the school is not an option, because they weren't offered. Excellent idea. Yeah, it would be nice. Why don't we ask about that? OK, I'll try to find out, but I'll put the researcher there. Either you lose one position, or you find another admin or a system manager. I mean, there is certainly enough space down the hall with all of those offices that are where half of them are also half time, and they're very underused. OK, well, try. But always say sort of difficult questions, because they involve changing also the offices of the school, and people just don't want to change in general. Let's see, maybe we can find some temporary, well, at least a proposal for Gisela. So since the one person rooms are quite, well, sort of desired by a lot of people, it should probably be. That's not true. To me, there are two options possible. It is either we can take one of the one person rooms for the admin, because some of typically the professors have good reasons for sharing. Sharing either with a colleague or sharing with one of their PhD students. In that case, it's realistic. Then we could very, very simply allocate the one of the one person rooms for the admin, and that would solve the problem. The other thing is to take a two person room for the admin. That could be the one close to the center. The middle one here? But no, no, no, the other one. The one up, yeah, this one. But then the question of what do we do with the second position there remains fully open. So I would be more of the opinion to see whether it's so evident that, let's say, at least the two full time professors that are here on the list. We have one here, but Maggie is not present. If they really... And I'm correct too. Yeah, I'm correct. Well, if because of personal preferences, they would be happy with a two person room, which might or might not be the case. I mean, it's certainly not something that we should impose, but we can ask. Yeah, because in this case, yeah, Gisela could take one of the two person rooms, and the other place would be for some kind of visitor. But it's not realistic, neither. I mean, you have a foreign researcher coming visiting you, and you will put him in the admin office. OK, you'll not do that. Maybe you can do that with an exchange student. Yeah, or an intern. With younger people, yeah. You can't take a senior visitor and sit him in the secretary. We invite Nagao, and we say, OK, you can sit with Gisela. Yeah, OK. OK, so this sits a bit the stage for Gisela. Then, yeah, we'll try to find out. Actually, maybe we should remind that quite a lot of professors at the school actually share their office with their assistant. So it looks like sort of an implicit tradition. Maybe not to be followed. Except for every other faculty. OK. Yes, that's all. Yes, it is so. Every other faculty, as far as I have seen their offices and the people that I know, and that's in law, socioeconomic, OK? They all have their own office. I mean, and the law faculty, they're at best they have done. As we said, it's really a matter of personal preference. It cannot be something else. It cannot be imposed, for sure. OK, so I think, well, this sets a bit the stage. Could we try? So could you try, please? Do you want an extra piece of paper? Maybe try to, well, think on your own, and then talk a little bit just to the people around you. Again, Andre, I think that the only realistic way we can do is to speak for ourselves. I can tell you, according to what I know now, where I would like or would be ready to be. But I really don't see how I could decide for Maggie or Pierre et or whoever else on the list. No, the point was to try to, well, just talk to them. Like David, go on. We do it for the set up of meetings. Everyone receives that and should provide, yeah, I would like to be here. And then you have this multi-constrain problem, and you work three or two hours. So we just ask people just for their place, or also for the other people's place. Because that's the important thing you want to know. What about the cafeteria? I mean, we are going to pay you a cafeteria with a projector and all this, all together. It's all together. It's not too cafeteria. So in the open room. But that's an open question. Whether it's a, at the origin, it was supposed to be a pure reading room for relaxing, reading the newspapers, et cetera, et cetera. There has been a very long discussion about that. I think this discussion is to vivid that some of the people, I belong to these people who like to have a mixed room, where you can have a reading room for sure, but also a meeting room if necessary. Or as Susan said, a room, an emergency room, where you can put some visitors in a decent environment for work, because you don't have any other place to do it. But that's really an open discussion. I think no decision, no final. OK, then for the next time, try to come up either with your own preferences. That's quite easy, probably, to state now that you know the constraints. Or if you can poll a little bit the people around you, that would be, I mean, given. The one that I don't want to have in the next room? Well, just discuss it. Yeah, for instance, I mean, no, no, I was thinking, just ask people around you what they think about this. And I think it would be nice to come with maybe a sketch of these, if you can do slides. It's even better, but don't be that formal. And we'll try to at least build up one coherent proposal and we'll merge it with the other one when the other one is available. I'll ask Megan Pierre to say that. Oh, great. That would be great. That would be great. That, of course, is one of the main, well, not main, but one of the important features that we need to do about it. Yes, and they're not at the meeting, I think it's. And I'll try to. We should first ask them. Just for finishing, I mean, we have a cafeteria or we don't need it at all. We don't have cafeteria. What do you mean by cafeteria? I don't think we can. We can place the one. We can take a coffee also. There is no coffee in the reading room. Yeah, we can bring your coffee in the reading room. But you have any money for buying the coffee machine. So since maybe your part time here and part time at EPFL, there are at least two coffee machines in the building, one at the third floor, one at the first floor. And we can close our coffee. No, automatic coffee machines. So, yeah. No, there's the cafeterias downstairs. But they close at five. That's the main problem. Yeah, but there's the two machines. And they're the vending machines where you just put them in machines. And you can bring your coffee in the reading room. Yeah, maybe this is not a very bad timing. Could we try to meet next Tuesday? Next Tuesday, maybe a bit later, maybe at 11 o'clock. Wait, wait, wait. Tuesday. Tuesday. Come on, try to be nice. Give me a reasonable date. It's a good time meeting. We have the other meeting, the MDM meeting in the morning. So it would have to be in the afternoon. OK. Next Tuesday, we have a meeting. Yeah, exactly. That might be where is the meeting? It's email? Yeah. OK, so yeah, yeah. Then it could be. At 9.30, but we could have this meeting in the afternoon. OK. That would be great, because that would allow us not to move. Very well. So about two o'clock? Would that be OK? After lunch. After lunch. It's not a very demanding meeting. So OK, perfect. Then let me close this. And good luck for your arrangement games. Thank you. We're not using the time. Not that they can track the time. Those could take place. But you were not using it. No. OK.