 So, yeah, we put this stuff on so that we have some record of the whole thing, but this is the VIA I'm going to say. The whole idea here is, let's also put the lap alone. So, the whole idea of this meeting is that it's not me who will be talking about it. So, what if it would be a boring meeting? So, Joao is going to talk. I'm going to listen. Yeah. So, actually, the reason why we got together is that it's about the time to make sure that when that leaves us, I'm afraid it may happen right. I mean, although it didn't change our mind yet. I couldn't. All your girlfriend didn't mind. I would like to change, but I can. So that whatever he's been doing is not forgotten and then people can stay on the shoulders and hope that he won't get out entirely out of this problem, but still we need to continue on this. So I think the Joao will be my main hope that he's going to pick up the keyword spotting and some of these ideas. And also, the reason why Thicha Motli check is here is that Joao is also getting interested in open models of the temple and the wall. And of course, better for signals. So, there's about it. I think you should do more. I'm more than you know. But you will be here. And from a different point of view, Thicha is working mainly on speech coding. So, I guess that really you should be talking more than anybody else because you should be asking questions. Yeah, right. So, what do you need to know? Let me just tell us what you know already about how far you are with this. Well, it's features. So, basically I started reading about the features that's taking the long temporal and time frame, that's traps and tandem approach. So, you know, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, then also started with there was a paper on fitting an air model to the DCT of Sigma model. Started with that and slowly getting used to those stuff. To the DCT? Yeah. But, I think it's really good to know. I think it's a paper by Danielis and Co. Oh, this is how it started. Yeah. Because that was Mario Satineos. Yeah. And then Alice. Yeah. They had a paper, I believe it was not. ASRU was a sign. 2003. Yeah. But that was the time when they were using very long segments. Yeah. It was like 50 minutes ago or something when they were playing with the time. So then, the story was that then Mario's presented that itself some meeting and we realized, oh, that might be cute, sing for estimating spectral energies because that's what we want. And the way we are doing it is, I think it works, but it's a little bit elegant. Somehow stupid to first do the frame based estimate and then you get stick to 100 hertz sampling, 10 millisecond sampling or something. And then you just pick up the trajectory. So Mario's was here for half a year or maybe or even more and started working better. So just kind so they were working a little bit together, and Mario was programming in MATLAB and he was putting it in the process. Yeah, I just rewrote it in the C++, I didn't do too much on that. And then we were hoping to pick up on that a little bit more and we did, right? You did a little bit of work. Well, we tried many noobstitune on that because you can decide what compression factor and everything, so I tried a little bit like maybe three noobs and tried to go through the 3D cage to see what happens in which kind of settings. So this we did. And we never published that anyway, right? We didn't because there was still the question that I don't remember right now because there was some essential question. I don't remember. I would have to look at it. And because before we could write anything, I would have to be sure that something is right there. I couldn't be sure about it at the time. And anyway, it takes time. This computation is very inefficient. It takes like 100 times more than computing some MFCC is computing these features because it's a huge DCT, huge FFT everywhere. If you're also doing a silly thing that we were stepping it by 10 milliseconds, right? Yeah, there is no optimization. We just stick to the trap. We wanted to make as close to trap as possible, which is silly, but that you have to start somewhere. Yeah. So then I continued with another paper that you're mentioning in a free trap. So just moving around with that idea. And also the main idea today why I told me is like if you can list down what all things are there to be taken care of, then one by one, because finally if I find that you have something else, maybe to list down the things other than what I've already taken from you. Okay. And also to discuss generally. So, well, last time we were talking about the Gaussians, you have the Gaussians running somehow, like feature extraction. Yeah, feature extraction. The random training. And also. So you're able to train the net now. You may be the only one in the whole world now, because Chiffang is gone and Barry is gone. So Morgan was joined. They're gone from Xe. No, they are gone from Xe. Yeah, Chiffang went to TI and Barry is at Lawrence River Mall app. He basically got a job. He graduated. He'll be working on things which he cannot talk about. You can't even say you're on a microphone here. Yes, it's classified. Work quickly. And so Morgan was only half joking. Somebody was asking him something. Oh, there was a, there was a Matthew. And he said, well, probably we'll be coming to ask you because nobody really knows. So please take. Who is the one who is now developing the quick net in these things? The MLP4 and these things. Nobody. That was Barry. It was Barry? Actually, Berno is doing a lot of that. Now they picked up the software and they play with this full layer of nets. So they might be that Berno will be a soon, ultimate expert on it. Well, still we have the experts who made the software run here. You know, Olivier, which software? No, quick net training. Yeah, the internet itself was done actually long time ago. Yes, but Olivier, make it run on these machines and make the, across the, across the, across the 2G barrier here at the DIA because we couldn't, we couldn't do something. I don't know what, but he is, he is now good in quick net. Okay, so I guess that's to treat him well. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, I, so I have the feature extraction part where I can get the phoneme posterior to generate through the neural net. Right. So then I think you just missed the backend, which is easy because it's HDK. It's everyone knows. Yeah. But yeah, it's taken through for some other task I've run it's taken. So, okay. I have the general field, but maybe I can take the entire setup from you and run it once on my, this thing to have. Yeah. Okay. And you, you just need from us to hear what are the other front ends and other features to choose something. Yeah, basically. So then I think I can share what I have read down. Yeah. Well, the whole idea then is that you start playing with it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So how do we do it? Should I list it or? Maybe that might be the, but still the feature extraction that we have already taken then the backend for that. Yeah. Then, well, yeah. Like I, I, I distinguish between feature extraction and then the MLP because you feed something to the MLP, which are not the waves. Yeah. So, so well, that's, that's what I call it. And then the backend. But okay. Also, what I have here, what I've been working on since I was here was MFCCPLP, which is always needed for comparison purposes and traps with warriors lands. And also, you know, traps. No. Yeah. Traps, I know, but with various, various lands. Okay. So, we were trying to start from, from the ultimate lands of one, one frame, up to one second or even more, but it was, so this also, then we applied the DCT on the trap itself, which is some, something like the goshions, applying some, filtering basically the trap. So this, but this is mainly a franta who was doing this. So, this is related traps. I was also trying the warping. Okay. Means if you have a second, which is 101 samples, I was just keeping the central 10 samples and then I was throwing away some, some of them, you know, like resampling this, this one second of the trap to something which I, which I preserved all the points in the center and just picked every 10 points at the boundaries, which means the trap, 101 trap trajectory shrink to say 15 points with still preserving the maximum resolution at the center and throwing away most of the points near the boundary. So this I was trying to, this I have some results on. So these are traps, then the gosh traps. Okay. So, um, Tandem system, the Tandem you plus minus half because that's, that's just a PLPS and then there is a training with MLP, which taking some context of these PLP coefficients. So it's like feeding PL, PLP or MSC, whatever to MLP and taking some context. This is the Tandem. So this setup we also have here. I didn't experiment with this, but maybe some more results. It's Hammond who has the results on Tandem I guess. You still have before you lost all of this. Yeah. That's right. Yeah, but I think the most important results are already in the TCC's writing. So is there somewhere? So this is Tandem. Uh, then, then what, and then there is the FTLP, then we can talk more about it. Which is, which I have more experiments on. Also this warping and compression and all these things. So compression basically you are looking at. Yeah. Yeah, but I'm using that for different, different reason, right? So it's a speech coning. So what is the task is you should just take the speech, of course, somehow to encode it into as small number of bits as possible and with the reason of the quality of course. And again, to decode it. And I'm using FDLP for that. Still playing with more as one second long segment. So just dividing the speech into one second frames, doing DCT. It's just the standard work and then doing some compression and computation. So subbands, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. But you are doing the same, no? Well, yeah. Yeah. But you just didn't talk about it. Yeah, yeah. You take the DCT and you just divide it into several subbands, frequency bands with the different. And by the way, you don't do the overlap on the subbands, no? You do? I do. Yeah, but you don't do the overlap on the time domain? No, no, no, no, I don't do. Okay. So that's the difference. For compression, you're basically doing it. Yeah, just one second without overlapping. But in frequency domain, there is overlap because you can choose which filters you want or just trajectories of those bands. So there is overlapping. I'm using those Gaussian filters or classical, those trapezoidal, like in MSCCs, right? And then processing each. Yeah, PIL. Yeah, PIL. Yeah, trangolors. Okay, trangolors, that one. Then I'm doing independent processing of each frequency band. So I'm computing that Hilbert envelope, which is just the envelope of some temporal trajectory. And more or less, you can divide this into a Hilbert envelope. Hilbert carrier, which is something like LP, linear prediction envelope, out-to-risk model, and excitation signal. Yeah, so those are two parts or items you need somehow to encode. If you want, again, to get original speech or reasonable quality. And there is some compression factor, which is, again, when you're computing that after aggressive model from FDLP, you can compress the spectrum somehow in such a way that you rather preserve those, even also those dips, not only peaks in the spectrum. And it sounds better for some kind of... You know about this compression, how easy it is, why it's... I just don't know. It's more than I do. But he's new, he's doing more so the same. So it's kind of a logarithm when you use logarithm for MSCCs, right? So it's, again, a compression factor, something like that. But then you have to uncompress it, again, of course, to get back the speech. And there are other other things which I'm doing, but it's not related to speech recognition so much. And certainly when it comes to the op-on modeling of temporal trajectories, even if a phone tag is not here, you probably know a lot about it by now. Well, what? Now, approximating the data by op-on model. FDLP. Well, if you are not here, the best of what you take. Sure, I know. I mean, it's more or less the same approach, right? There is a different application. Okay, right. Different software or something. So, just in the speech, recenters is coding what you're doing. Did you try to play with the knob somewhere? With what? With, I don't know, the compression number of bands and... Yeah, sure. Number of bands and... What you were playing with and what are the results? Like what to use? You know, there's the problem for speech-learning. Because I don't have results like in speech recognition. Yeah, of course, you listen to it yourself. I'm fine with that. Well, so now what I'm using are 15 bands, which seems to me... 15 frequency bands, which seems to me quite reasonable. We can go down till like 12 and still okay, I would say. But then you start hearing different... Okay. Or also, that's another problem. Once you can go down with frequency bands, then you will have much more complicated that, let's say, oxidation signal or that carrier which... If you go down? Yeah, because... If you make a broader band. A broader band, right. Because when the band is narrow, the excitation is close, the carrier is close to sinusoid. Basically, it also means... Yeah, it might be like that. So there is more and more frequency components, let's say, in one process. So you want to say that the LPC is not able to fit it so that the residual was... No, LPC will maybe. But then you have still an airport, something like a source and a filter. So when you are doing speech-cooling... You may almost want to... Yeah, yeah. It's a wide board. For this here, right? What? So can we remove this when you are going to this place? I don't think so. I don't know. I don't think so. No, you are not supposed to. No, yeah. I mean, it's the same like when you are doing LPC in tases, right? So you've got source signal. I don't know, source. I think you have to push it as much as possible because it reacts to the... And then there is some filter which is that one divided by az. And that's it. And the source can be a noise signal or it can be some sequence of... What is that? Oh, see, this is a standard time domain. Yeah. So it's more or less the same what I'm doing. So this is some envelope which is in our case related to Hilbert envelope. And this is a source signal which is Hilbert carrier. But since you are in the different domain, this is here you are in time domain, right? Right. But where you are, you are really in a frequency domain. So the line stands into science, right? Right. And you can see exactly. Yeah. So this is now going to be progressing. Because this spectrum is also line spectrum, right? I mean, all components. So if you are in a frequency, your source looks like this. Yeah. So more or less, we can plot it. So what we can see is some Hilbert envelope like this. And then there is that Hilbert carrier. Or this is not Hilbert carrier, but this is the signal which we get from one frequency band. So you compute dCT, right? This is the sub band. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Time signal. And what we get from that is this Hilbert envelope, right? So you know that. And the second which should be that carrier should be something like this. So it's really close to cosine. We might see. Okay. Do it properly, right? And this is what you also have to somewhat transmit or at this try to transmit in order to get it. And this is why. I was thinking the residual in LPC fit of the Hilbert envelope. Not this. I was not thinking of this at all before. Right. Because there are three things. First you have to encode this, then the LPC coefficients and the residual after LPC. No, I don't need LPC. No. I don't have to do it for him. This is a residual for me. Yeah. For the residual. Yeah, I just want to transmit this signal, right? Yeah. And what you need is this envelope and this one carrier. And you again get the same signal, this shape. Okay. Do it. IDCT. And the biggest problem currently is that the carrier is actually not cosine but the same little bit more. Right. Take a look. If you have a very good music signal which is very periodic, you can really see something like there is one peak. If the frequency doesn't change over the... And frequency more or doesn't change. It's related to that frequency of the broadband. Yeah. It's good. If you have those filters which are wider and wider, this is that center frequency which is somehow related to this one. Okay. And so... So the broader bands do what on this picture? It's worse and worse. Then you don't see anything like cosine. Fortunately because of properties of hearing more or less. For the higher bands, if you put in just some garbage, some noise, it doesn't really matter all that much. It sounds a bit worse but it's not a big tragedy. Right. If you want to do a good voice speech, you want to get a lower band. Yeah. If you put in a noise altogether, it sounds like a whisper speech. It sounds like LPC when you excite it by noise. By noise. It's better. I would say. Better quality. Definitely better quality. It's a lower bit right but that's a problem. So now we have to kill them both because I mean we gave all the secrets away. Yeah. It's going to. Any objective measures you use for... Objective measures? Objective measures? Well, it was some distances, spectral distances. Well, it didn't work so well. If Motor Aronokia gets hold of this tape, then we are in trouble. Hopefully by then it will be protected and everything right. Oh, the help I just said that we shouldn't talk about confidential things. It's a problem. But listen, this is a science. It's a confidential to extend that we are not publishing it yet. But we offer it well. But we have to make sure that if Qualcomm has an interest who's funding the work, they have to have a chance to patent it or something. That's about all. This is not a public presentation. So this is not even a problem. Yeah, sure. The problem would be if... But you know, nobody can beat better Motley check anymore. I mean, if Nokhi knows everything, if you sell it tomorrow, did you work for it? No, HP. HP. They will take half a year before they will even realize what it is. And why then? So it's not from. Okay, so that's where... Okay, so there is a compromise between the lower bands, the worse stuff you just said, and the more bands, the more coefficients they transmit. Right. So 15 is about okay. Yeah, yeah. Also, there are papers about that if you have like 12 frequency bands, it's somehow optimal. Okay. So this, and then there is a compression, what about that? Compression is only to relate to somehow fit that he'll burn and develop to. So that you get... So that you can't modulate, actually. Yeah, yeah, you can't modulate better. There is no A-horse, something ever brands in the signal. If you really go down with that compression factor to like 0.1, something... What? Oh, compression. Okay. So what is the compression factor we are getting here? When you compress the effectively, what the signal is, the other ring. Right. And so then you get the fitted, the compression signal. Okay. Essentially, if you were in a spec problem and you would compress the power spectrum. Yes. Here, you compress the... The power spectrum. Yeah, the city of the signal. Right. And... And so, any of the products are fitting actually this compressed signal, but you know how much it was compressed, so you can always expand it back so that you get a fit to the original thing, except that the fit is different. Because it basically is open modeling has a different properties. Yeah, you just preserve something different a little bit. Yeah, you can tell you a little bit more about that. This is an old technique which... Yeah, I think Hinek has good math, many papers or some papers or that. It was my thesis, even PhD thesis actually. It's not a piece. I think I read it. The STLP was called Spectral Transforming in the Upper Action. It was my first ICAS paper ever. It was in 1983 Boston. You guys were still in kindergarten, right? Right. More or less. Oh, that's terrible. But nobody was using it for anything except it was cute, but it was about it. And now it seems like that is... Since what we are doing here, we are... No, LPC is fitting peaks, right? Yes. But when you are modeling here, but envelope, you don't necessarily want to fit only peaks. You sometimes want to get a basically good estimate of the envelope. So that helps you because this Spectral Transforming allows you to find the right balance between how well is it peaks, how well is it dips and... Right. So, the end of this. So, this is... So, I think that basically, I don't know what else... I mean, you should be asking questions, right? Yeah. One thing I wanted to know is... Yeah. A good literature on this. Well, I think you can really take those papers from Marios. Yeah. About three papers. That's really tough. I have to... This is a SAPA or how it's called. SAPA and then, yeah, this is... Then two papers. One is in SAPA, one is in the U-inter speech. And one is in the... Emery Jju. And one was in ASRU. Yes. It was from Virgin Islands. What is SAPA? I don't know. I tell you what it stands for. Statistic and something... And conceptual approaches. I was an organizing committee. I just know. You do. Every vision. And the third structure. The third structure. And statistics and perceptual approaches. Okay. That was... But there are also reports from IDIAP, I think. At least two reports from Marios seem to me. But they are the same, right? Yeah, they are more... Yes. And then also is there is some more work actually can be traced down. I think they're reading less atlases papers. Yeah. Very good. Because less atlases is doing a lot of work on coding in this domain. He doesn't use all-part model, but he uses DCT and then he... Yeah. So... And unless he's an excellent guy, he's a very good mathematician. And he's a Stanford guy. And really he likes to write things to them. Yeah. So he's very rigorous. Yeah. It's supposed to me, for instance. Yeah, definitely. So if you read that, then you know that they are nowhere. Sometimes it's unreadable. I would say. Yeah. Quite difficult. So whatever you get hands-on from less atlas for over past five years, we got this... Two years ago, last year, on one of the ICAS, we had like five papers, right? All various aspects of this because... Yeah. I think this year, I don't know, interspit over one paper, but it was regarded to speech recognition somehow. Is that so? Yeah. It was not something like speech coding or that DCT, or something like that. So... Also, I can... Before Mario's left, he has... He had actually left himself, but all the files are here. And also, all the math-top implementations of these are here, and there is also one big table that he used to... To fit in with all kinds of parameters. Yeah. He was also playing with all these compression factors and lands of the... Of that, and there is a big table in Excel, which you can look at. There's all kinds of speech recognition results, right? Yeah, yeah. This was the first time you started using the cluster. I remember all the time. Yeah, because it was a big thing here. It took a huge amount of time. And basically, he was the first one to realize that these guys are pretty slow to do these things. Everybody hated him. So he... That's already... I remember. He just put here the PMake environment, and he didn't stick to any cluster, or anything. He just put PMake and write it on all the machines here. So, at some point, he was using all the available memory by any mistake. Also, in the morning, all the machines were just stuck. No one could ever... I remember Frank came to us. Everybody was computing like Mario's. We would be all dead. That's a frame. But I want everybody to come here like for years. Right. So these three... Yeah, because he was doing everything in Madlop, so it was again ten times more demanding than he plus passed. Maybe, yes. It's hard to say. No, it's not so bad with that. If you really write it well. But he did. He wrote it well. Anyway, because in the code that I wrote, I was like playing also with... If the matrix is sparse, I really don't use it all. I just multiply from here to here, from here to here. Not the matrix, but my matrix. I just optimized it a bit. And also, blast libraries and all these things. But... Okay. Whatever. That's not important. It is important. You know, why? I mean, this is something which we never talk about, right? How much work? Oh, yeah, sure. It is important for this. It's true that things sped up tremendously since I came. I mean, of course, partially because they started to buy some more hardware. But also, at least some people know how to... But there is a backend recognizer which I will give you, which is turned around of 18 minutes. From 11 to 15 minutes, normally it would take an hour and an half. Yeah, no, no, today it was over one hour. It's just like 10 times less, maybe you're 5 to 10 times less. But still, you can... you can... five times more? So do you already know what is the situation with you? You go back to Prague for a while and then did you get anything in France? I got some ideas, by the way. Great. I have to talk to you about these. I don't know. I didn't try to anything. I didn't even mail to... to a lot of people. I was like... I just talked to one girl there, which told me that he would be possibly able to find me a job there. Any job, like related, maybe to feel, but job, not anything, any research. So if nothing, then I could be able to get the job somewhere. You don't die of hunger. Yeah, probably. Yeah, but... That's not the idea. We'll try something. Okay. So, Joel, the old man basically singes as I told you when we were walking. That whatever path is there, that it doesn't die. But it carries, and obviously, you very much hope that you get into that and you get excited and you do more or maybe even different things. We hope that you find out that everything was wrong and that the potential is much bigger. Yeah, it actually works that way. Yeah. It's not that it doesn't work. No, but after you find out the bug, then it will be... that will be the... So, we will send you the papers related, and I will point you to all the code, which I have. Yeah, we're regarding this FBLP. And this is all on the record, so if we... Yeah, he can't play with his work. So, actually, I can just now tell the locations of all the files and you can rewind. But I was through the meeting. Yeah, yeah, I said it. So... How are we doing time-wise? Yeah, I think half hour, it's fine, right? Yeah. Any more things? You will be here almost until end of... Yeah, until 24. Is the Friday, November? November, yeah. It's just like I will just start teaching and then I will need an assistant. There's no better response, but better. Better is good. Hopefully it makes a pay-pay some extra. What are you going to talk or to teach? It's just that perceptual stuff. Well, it's actually a combination of... Really, a combination of two classes I was giving at OGI, which is like speech processing and perception. And so I try to put it together so that it makes some sense. Do you already know how many students you have? No. No. I should have at least four because this is a... Graduates. I have one, right? Oh, it's guaranteed. I have one guarantee that I don't know if anybody else is... Well, I think Guillermo was... Yeah, four credits or... Total four. Sorry. I don't know. I don't know if it needs to be for credit or not. I don't know how much I like people without not taking it for credit because then they just sit there and have it in time. But it's okay. No, no, it's okay. Because in ICE it's for credits. Guillermo is taking, I think, here. Guillermo is taking it. Very good. And so I already have at least two. Yeah. I probably get four. I would like to go there, but not just for credits. Just maybe to hear something new. And it's possible. That's for sure. I mean, that's... Okay. Last time it was... for me it was good. The course from one special reason because when there were the flats in Turkey, I lost all my papers from my school, all the exercise books. How to say this? The notes, notes. Yeah, all the notes, parents and everything. All notes from any courses. So I was remembering what I was learned. And there was thought at the time, so I had it now back, at least partially. Because all the algorithms you were speaking about... I couldn't get into too many things, actually. The reason was that at the time we thought I was teaching with Erwe. And we thought we had much more time. And suddenly we ran out of time, basically. What happened was that it was supposed to be three hours, actually, it was only two hours, actually. And Erwe assumed that it's going to run longer, or I don't know what he assumed. But suddenly we said, it was all... so where are you? I said, well, I'm slowly getting into LPC. I said, why would I... we have all the three more lectures. I have to teach H and M and everything. So I... Erwe's part was like I had to do it in one hour. And everybody was totally confused, I guess. And also in the... in the lab labs, the people didn't know anything about it, and they just followed the papers. It was... it was a D.P.F.L. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's see. Okay, guys, I think that unless somebody has still anything, it will be important not to this topic. Yeah, but I can come to... Right, it's a little bit up to you. You have to... you have to back this, especially, that's because, just to make sure that... Anyway, after I'm back, I'll be still on Skype and all these things. So no problem to contact me until, I don't know, May next year. So, you've seen that it will be done by May? Is it done? Well, I would like to. I think so. Yeah, we made a mistake, I tell you. I think if I had to do it again, if you made a mistake, you should have registered here at E.P.F.L. You would have had a degree by now from E.P.F.L. I mean, I was a mistake. But I would have to study here for the... the long time, no? Three years. You were already... you were here. You were here. How long you were here? Two years, yeah. I would have to stay one more. Well... Well, it would be good reason for that, but I have to stay here. So, is she getting another position there already? Yeah, yeah, yeah, because she has a good position because she has a friend who is starting a lab there. Oh, I see. It's a great opportunity for her, at least. But the problem is, then she will go back and there's a family, she's amazing. For a girl, it's always the pain because she has to break for some time, at least a little, but has to break and in the science it's not that easy to break. Okay. Okay. So, in case I need something on this E.P. I'll come to you. Oh, sure. Otherwise, I'm also much more available than I was. When you came, it was just like one of the craziest times of the year. Yeah. It's not that I was very perfect if it was doing anything useful, but it was like... It's a little bit like writing thesis all the time, writing and make little changes. But I think definitely you are the best person in here, too, with a reality, to availability of you. Because if I want to go to her, I probably call Secretary, he's there, and when I can... Many more people to take care of you. There was no... Every time I came to you, you were available. I think we are trying to be because this is also my livelihood, right, students? It's hard to be sure that they need to know something, that... So, feel free, basically, to stop by anytime. It's not that I know everything, but... If I know... I think I sort of know a little bit like what you guys were doing. But not every detail. You know, the core, which we don't remember anymore, while programming. Yeah, you don't know why you are doing it. We know the details, and you know what is... What is the global stuff? Why are you doing this? It's good. Ask my boobs. Okay, my mic is falling, so I think we go, huh? Thank you very much. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Oops, I have to take this off, I think. I'm going to take this off. I'm going to take this off, and I'm going to take this off. I'm going to take this off, and I'm going to take this off. Okay, well, I hope that it was working out. Definitely a little bit, I mean, it seems like... It's kind of a start. So, you know, you're never going to... It's a little bit tricky. I think we should have a little bit of a bit of a... No, I'm not.