 and then where's the other one? Oh, here. Okay. Okay. Everybody ready? I think so. I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves. That's a good plan. And his name and what your function is. So maybe we start with you. Okay. My name is Francina and I'm a user interface. My role is the main responsibility user interface. And my role is to design a television remote control. Okay. And I'm a marketing person. I want to figure out how to sell them. And your name is? My name is Eileen. Okay. I'm Januhi. My role is industrial designer. And my responsibilities are to deal with the technical functional designs and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design. Very good. And as you already know, I'm Betsy. I'm the project manager for today. So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really use and see what we really are supposed to do. Okay. Yes. Opening, Quaintance, tool training. Well, the tools, I think we already, I guess the tool is really our, the computer. As far as I can see, each of us will get instructions and we'll take it from there. Project plan that falls under the same heading pretty much. I don't think we have any great discussion at this point. No. Here is what this thing should be. This thing we are going to design is a new remote control should be original. Trendy. And of course, user friendly. So maybe you want to make some notes of that. Okay. All right. Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve. That is, it's going to be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what we have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design. There will be individual work and then discussion afterwards. Same thing basically. Through different types of design that we're going to be concerned about. I can't write this this thing. Maybe we should redesign it. After we finish the remote control, we'll get to that. We'll try to write the whiteboard but it's going to control the favorite animal. Does anybody want to go and see how the whiteboard works? So that in case we have to in the next meeting present something on the whiteboard. You want to go, Hylane? Okay. I'll see what I can do. Without hanging yourself. See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit or something. Remember you have to press so it works. So that it works. Well, traditional kitty cat. Oh, it's a fat cat. I have a very fat cat. It's like that. And you're front-scene. Just to see how it feels so that you have a little idea. Am I supposed to wipe off that? No, no, that's okay. Get to that later. I'm going to draw a snake. Okay. I hope the kitty cat is hungry because I don't like snakes. Here's a project finance which of course we all have to think about when we design this thing. Selling price is supposed to be 25 euro. Profit aim for the company is 50 million euro. The market range unlimited meaning international. Okay. And the production cost should not exceed. Hopefully it should be less than 1250 euro. Okay, that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged. So these are all the things of course to remember with a budget and when you design to materials cost etc. Now the discussion I guess is does any one of you have experience with remote control? We use them right every day. And now having used in the remote control for years does anybody already have an idea? Like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing. Any first ideas? Do you like to be smaller, bigger, have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons? You know, things like that. Yes, I feel that all the remote should be very compact. Those which we get here nowadays it's very long. And it should have multi-purpose like the remote control which we use for TV. It should be used for some other purpose also like controlling the temperature inside the house for air conditioners or for heating system. So it should be a multifunctional gadget that would control all your household machines basically. About 12-50 euros per year. Well, we know we get a really good sign or maybe we can do that. We certainly can try to agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things. It should be something new. It should do something different than just what we have. Now of course the other thing to think there is maybe the design. It should be different. Almost all the remote. Like for every show maybe it should be something trendy. Maybe in different colors or materials. So shapes, right? Like kidney shaped first better in your hand or something. Friendly shape. I think another thing that would help is if it beeps when you clap. Because I think one of the big things that happens is people lose them. They can't find it. That is true. They put the newspaper or they put it behind the plant or whatever. And they saw me the phone rings and they want to turn the TV off and they said, Why the hell is my remote control? Or if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a sound or signal. So it should either be flossed or light should blink. A flossed signal with a flow signal. Maybe it should have a light so that we can just recognize where it is. Exactly. That's why I'm just saying throw signal meaning whether it's a people, whether a light or a light. I think a good clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond. What should you have to do to make it beep or blink? Okay. My idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden, in other words, if it's in a dark spot, meaning you know, like a newspaper is on top, a sweater is on top or it's behind a plant. At that moment, it's like what you call it, the light sensors. In that moment it has a sensor. If it gets a certain darkness, it has a sensor and it gives out a signal. Whether that be a light signal or a beep, I mean that we can discuss that later. So the light sensor would activate the signal? That's right. You have to have some kind of sensor. I think voice or clapping, that's not specific enough. I know they're the lamps and stuff. You can clap on and off. But I think they only work to a certain degree. But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it. Of course. Because you're silly because people are silly. Oh yeah, well, but then we can't help everybody. Well, if we were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table, you know, we had to move along. But I think we have some good points to start with here. Okay, the next meeting will be in 30 minutes. I think you all, did you get notices on your computer for this? Okay, so you got the notice. The working design, I guess that's the function. Who is this? Industrial designer? Yeah. That's you? Yeah, it's functional. Exactly. So we're looking for a working design when we come back. A working design, yeah. It's a mechanical functional design. And then the technical function, do you have the technical function? So you're the working design. So you have a working design and then a functional design. And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirements specification, like friendliness and what we just discussed in general. That would be your idea. And of course, price. That it, that the price is a good price. I mean, the price is given, but that was... We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price. That's right. And you know, you will get specific instructions for that. I think that's the end of the show. So we have, well, we have a time, two, three minutes. Any questions at this point or suggestions? I think basically, basically we'll get instructions to work with. And if you have any questions, I guess you can... I think I have enough to think about our next meeting. How about you people? Yes. Okay. Alright, well... Then we see you in about 30 minutes and see what we can come up with. Okay, very good. Okay. Oops. Okay.