 I won't let down. I don't know what to do. Hello everybody. I guess you all know what is it about? Your received email I guess. We are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing remote control. I'm going to be the project manager of this project. I'm presenting myself. I'm Fabian Cardino. I guess you can present yourself. I don't know if you can start. My name is Petra Folsaik. You can call me Petra here. My name is Bob Morris. My name is Hamid Kettabdar. I'm going to be the interface designer in this project. Today we are doing a short meeting to present the project. We are going to present the tool we are going to use during all this project. We are talking about the project plan and we are going to discuss about our first ideas. We have around 25 minutes to do this meeting. What is the goal of this project is to design a new remote control. It should be 20 and user friendly. It is a challenging project. We will try to do our best and come with something new. People want to buy. What are we going to do during this project? It is more like we are going to do individual work or our specialities. We are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and find a good way. Everything will be like this. Now we are going to get used to the tools. We are going to use all this project. We can try to use the whiteboard here. We can try to write what is our favorite animal and write our favorite characteristics about our Atmosphere opening project. So I will ask you all to do the same thing. Just to get used to the white box. I'm probably trying to draw the animal. Well you should have drawn the picture of the animal. Yeah, go ahead. Okay, so. I would use the bird. So I tried to sketch it out. I had to first write it down because I'm not absolutely sure if I can draw it. But, yeah. Can you recognize it? Okay, so it turned. Okay. So I think my favorite animal would be a cat. That's its head. I probably like cats the most because they're cuddly and fairy and playful. I'm sure. Okay. I don't know if I should go any stairs. I'm sorry. Maybe put it on the desk or something. Yeah. I should have used it to the tools. Okay. Just wait a little bit. Who could we put it here? Just make it as straight as possible. I probably know. Okay, I'll make better works like this. Okay, thanks. Your lapel marker finds full love. Are you left handed? No. Pretty. Okay. Should I clean? Okay, I think like horses because they are strong and beautiful. So if I want to write it here, I think I can. Never mind. Maybe if you leave it. Yeah. Maybe we should just continue. Yeah. Yeah, don't worry about it. No. No. Okay. I don't know if I can. Just try. Okay. See how it looks like? It may be like a cow or a, I don't know what it looks like. I'm not good, very good in drawing. Okay. So this is very, it's a bird, I think. I don't know what it is. No, I think it's clean. Four. Okay. I'm sharing full love. It's okay. It's good. It's indeed beautiful. Yeah. I'm strong. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. But after a minute. So, good. So let's talk about Monet. We are going to sell, we want to sell this remote control for 25 euro, and our expected profit will be around 50 million euro. And we are trying to have a market all around the world. So not only for Switzerland, but for the world. So the, we expect a production cost of maximum 12.50 euro. Per unit, I guess. Yeah, of course. Yeah. So we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do, what are our experiments with remote control and any idea. So if you have some experience, good or bad with remote controls, you can share it and say what is your idea or anything. From experience, I've had remote controls in the past that I've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small and it's been very hard to use because there's so many buttons and it's very hard to see which buttons do what and the buttons are very small and very hard to press. And normally you only ever use, you know, on a TV remote you only ever use mostly, you know, four or six buttons. So it's frustrated me in the past. Okay, I have also some points, maybe two points. First would be that in current remote control there's no big light. So if you're playing with this in the dark room, it's probably worse to have something like a big light and maybe it could be also dependent on the amount of light in the room so that if it's in a day it doesn't need to be big light, it's because it works on a battery. So something like this and the second thing, second point for me would be that in normal remote controls there are two buttons for volume control. And I prefer like a potential meter or something like, okay, you know, some slider or just two discrete buttons for volume but something which is that because of the discrete volume levels or is that, yeah, but I can reach in a one second I can mute it down or I'm not afraid that I will use. If you take your remote control you can move the slide and the volume can work very quickly and if it drops to the floor that it passes when you take the remote control for example on the table you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud and you have a very hard time. It depends what you feel about that. Okay, we can think of these things afterwards but if matter you have some more. Yeah, just a simple experience. I prefer remote control working with radio waves because remote control working with infrared wave you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it without a few more. Okay, let's continue. I have a meeting in five minutes so maybe we should hurry. So we will close the meeting. So we will have a next meeting in 30 minutes. So I will ask you to do some work. The interface developer will work on the design of the remote control start to have new ID which is how much? Okay. So you are the industrial designer? I am the technical designer. I think that's the first idea. Industrial designer and the second one is the user interface designer and then last one is marketing which is me. So for the user interface designer which is a med you are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control. And for the marketing manager which is Bob you are going to try to find user requirements for the remote control. You will receive by email the specific instructions and by your personal coach. So I see you in 30 minutes. Great, okay. Thanks guys. Bye. Bye. Let's go back to the real work. Let's go back to the real work. Let's go back to the real work. Okay. Mmm.