 I'm going to get the word of ease. What do you wear this to me? What do you wear this to me? Hmm, hmm hmm hmm. Whew. Too many cables and stuff. Oh, it's not. It's recorded. Okay. Okay, so welcome everyone. So we are here for the kickoff meeting of the process of designing a new remote control. So I will first start with a warm welcome opening stuff. Then we will see what will be our product and what will be the different steps we will have to design it. And then we will discuss if we have few A's and we will end by dispatching the different tasks you will have to fulfill to complete this process. So, just one thing. You said 25 minutes but I have something else to do. So I have another meeting soon so maybe you could have a little bit. So you still have another meeting so you have another meeting soon? Yeah, so I have to be quick for the loan more product. Okay, so the goal is to have a remote control so to have an advantage of our competitors we have to be original. We have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user friendly. So the design step will be divided in three main points. First it will be the functional design. Third is the conceptual design and then it's the design design. So the functional design is to identify the main user needs, the technical function, the remote control should fulfill. And then we will move to conceptual design where we will specify the different component involved, what kind of user interface we want and what are the different trending user interface and stuff like that. And then the detailed design will consist in specifically implementing and detailing the choice we've made in the second point. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for each of us to draw your favorite animal on the whiteboard. So it's not a good idea. Do you have any idea of which animal you want to show us? Go down and go down. Okay. Let's go. No, no. That's true. You should not have to say anything. If you want to react about this wonderful drawing, I'll let you comment. It's an abstract drawing on the wrong tank. Okay, it's an abstract drawing. I think it's nice and original. I don't know if you should write it in the name. I don't know if it's good. Usually when I'm put on the top of it here, so this is very important. Okay. You want to draw something? Okay. Sorry. You have to imagine a little bit. Of course your name is recorded, so it's not lost. Yes, I know. Sorry too. What is this string? Do you know? It's a cat. Isn't it? I think these things did not exist. It's not exist. Like that. Oh yeah. It's pretty. Okay. It's my cat. Okay. It's your cat. That's not a name. The name is caramel. Caramel. Caramel. Okay. What do you want to do? I think I'm too short for the cables. Okay. I go. Next time you do something, I'm sure. Next time I come to the room. I'm a bit short. Okay. So what could I draw? Maybe I can draw like a very simplified co. I don't know if it looks like a co. It looks like a bong. Quite squaring. It's scary. It looks more like a don't-heal fact. I would say. Okay. I hope that it helps you in the process of designing a random puzzle. I think I follow logos. Okay. Let's move on. So, you're the financial objective of project. What is to say to have a prediction cost lower than 12.5 euros. And I have a selling price of twice that price in order to target a profit of 50. A million euros. Is there a market for a new remote control? Yeah. If it's trendy, original, and fulfilled, the single device remote control or the multi-device remote control. We have to discuss that. It's undefined at all. Yeah. You can suggest points like this. Okay. So we have to decide, for example, if you can control one device or multi-parallel. Yeah. So what are your ideas about that? Maybe I can have the opinion of the last thing. If you bundle the remote control with something to sell, then it could be a single device. Otherwise, it could be a programmable one. Otherwise, who would buy remote control from us? Okay. So if it's sold by its own, it would rather be a formidable device. Yeah. Do you agree? Mm-hmm. Yeah. So maybe it should be for multiple devices. And do you have any ideas of design ideas or any technical requirement we should fulfill? I think we shouldn't have too many for my part. I cannot fight a thing for any requirements right now. If you don't have so many buttons, it would be nice. A few buttons, okay. And do you have it also to be lighted in order to be used in the dark? Might be a good idea. Yeah. Okay. And do you have any idea of the trend in the domain? What it should look like or something like that? Something which is not scary, maybe. With round? With round. Okay. Like, okay. Something that at least fits in your hand. Okay. Yeah. The basic requirement. So, fits in your hand, yeah. And then you're back. And also it may be important for the real world. It's important for the real world to be, to resist to various shocks that can happen. What a proof as well. Maybe it is original because you can use it in your bath, whereas the others count. Maybe waterproof would be very original. Sorry. I think a waterproof remote control. So that the people can use it in their bath. That could be useful. It seems so, but if you don't have an waterproof remote control, you can just cover it with some plastic. And you can't hold it. Yeah, but it is still something you have to buy and that is a... And that's sort of the shock. I mean, there are people that have their remote control and they're worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it. Yeah. But maybe that's the word they actually do themselves. But maybe we can bulk it with already this plastic thing and the waterproof stuff. That's why. Yeah. Maybe we can sell all that together. So, plastic protection and the waterproof box as well. That might be a good track to follow, like an option I think. I think we should have something. Most of the time I lose my remote control. We should have a special button on the TV. Maybe we can have the remote control. But we don't design the TV. Maybe we can have something you whistle and the remote control beat. Yeah. Clocks. Yeah. Clocks. Yeah. So we can have a whistle remote control. Yeah. Whistle. I don't know. Whistle label. Whistle tracking. Whistle tracking, yeah. Whistle tracking remote control. That's a good idea. That's very original and that's kind of... That's quite cool. But of course, you don't normally need any audio recording stuff on your remote control, right? Yeah. Just going to add to the cost. Yeah, but still we have to have an advantage of our competitors. I think this is a good advantage. It's cool. I think I like that there. But I'm not sure about what you... Yeah. Who you have to give in a budget. Yeah. We have to ask the cost of that's a design to the industrial designer. Yeah. Which is you. Okay. So try to find that for the XBD. Okay. Okay. So next meeting is in 30 minutes. So I will ask the industrial designer to find out more about this industrial design. So when you're working function, we have discussed. So then I will ask the user interface designer to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons, the file that is lighted or not, things like that. And what would be convenient for the user. And also, we have the market expert to try to find out what are the absolute requirements, what is absolutely needed in a remote control for the user. So... And then I will just ask you to think about that and look at your mail because you will receive some good advice soon. So thank you. I think that's good all for this point. Thank you. So we'll come back in five minutes. I forgot. I knew I would receive some messages. Yeah. That's GSA. Be careful. Yeah, because I just gave it a little bit of a... I'm not the only one. Does it move? Or also, but... Okay. But I don't know if it's still correctly... What? What? I really see. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.