 Oops. That's as far as it goes. Hi, guys. Good morning, everybody here. And I want to introduce myself. My name is Shridha Dalsari, and I'm a project manager for this new project, which we are going to discuss now. So I want to introduce first of all the names and the colleagues here. And what you're doing. Sure. My name is Agnes, and I'm an usability user interface designer. My name is Ed, and I do accounting. How do you spell your name? Ed. Ed, okay. Do you also do marketing? No. So only accounting. Accounting, yes. And I'm Christine, and my role in this scenario is to be the industrial designer. But I'm not really one. So who is marketing? Marketing is me. So thanks for coming for the meeting, first of all. And we have a long time, just 25 minutes to discuss about this project and the project initiation. First of all, I want to ask Mr. Ed about your marketing plan and your product plan. And... Well, I think we'll see that throughout the day, and how we're going to put this together as a marketing to market the product. We'll have to see through discussion on where we're going to go from here and from with us. But we already have like a functional design or technical design. For the moment, not yet. But what's your... do you have some project plan? Something for... Good question. Now this is like I said, we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there. We'll have to... We'll have to... We'll have to work on together. Okay. So by when you think, you can give me some kind of project plan. Okay, discussion meeting. Certainly by the next meeting. Okay, that would be great. So, there's any questions for the first of all about this project? Where's the goal of the project? The goal of the project, I think maybe I'll hand out to the Ed. I'm in the sales, I'm supposed to explain to you what... We have to define exactly what our project is from... Yes. Can you explain what exactly the product is? From what I had in mind, we're supposed to be marketing coffee. Is that right? I think... I'm not sure we're making the remote control. Remote control, because I had two different things. I have the first part of mind was to make a remote control for new remote control for television. And afterward I had a discussion about coffee, so... We'll start with the remote control for television then. So we have to design something that is very user friendly. Something... Visually it has something that will draw people to buy the product. Because I think everybody's experienced with remote controls and some remote controls or are worth throwing out the window. Most of them... I don't know, we have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use. Because a lot of times it's been half a day through the instruction book trying to figure out how to use it. And what about your industrial design plan? Or do you have a design already on this product or are you still working on the design? No, I have not begun working on the design. And I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control. I thought we were designing a new monitor. The website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of some sort of a 7-inch monitor. And I understood that that was the project goal. So I'm glad I didn't do any work ahead of time because I clearly didn't understand the project goal. I just did see that we were starting a new project together and there was going to be a four-member team composed of these people. And that's about... I read through the different steps and what my responsibilities were relative to those steps. So you will be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team for the design? For the industrial design? Well, I think that depends on how much money you give us. Because you know, you can make it... you have different choices with different financial models. Yeah, but before we talk about the finance, okay, do you have some idea how we can sell this product or project in the market? And how much is going to benefit to the company and of course it's to the individual also? Well, you know, I kind of think that in general you have to do... you have to have something that's very fashionable, that's very attractive that people see and recognize its goal and they immediately want to have it have one of their own. So it really would need to... something like the iPod would be good, seems to have caught on fairly well. So, you know, I don't care what it does, just so it looks cool. Okay, but when you think you can give me like a kind of design or the functional design or the technical design? Well, I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now and so I'll have to wait and see how those go. If they go quickly, then it could be a month. If I run into any problems on my other projects, it might be six months. Yeah, but I need something in the writing. So like, what's your functional design? What's your technical design? And how many people you need for this project? And what's the timeframe you're looking? And what is the budget? Maybe the initial budget you're looking? And how is it going to the market? So you have to meet with the marketing team and how they're going to market and what is the marketing strategy plan? Okay, when are you going to introduce? And by the time you introduce the product and there will be a competition. So I need some kind of the plan in the writing from you. Okay, and where would you like that? As soon as possible. Well, if we have enough time, then do you think two weeks is close enough? Yes, I think that would be good because I need to go to the management and tell them what we are going to do and what's cost stress, okay, and what's the timeframe and what's the project plan? Because without any documentation, so I cannot go to the management and say, okay, we are going to do this and we need this much money. Okay, so then it's difficult for me to say, okay, that's the reason I need some kind of plan from you initially. Okay, then we can have the further discussion again. Are there other people who will be contributing to the plan? Yes, of course, if you did some help, so let me know. So for the people you need from the marketing or the technical side or the administration point of view, okay, to add in any documentation or some technical point of view. So just let me know so I can coordinate all the teams. Okay, I'll get back to you on that. Thank you. And Ed, so what do you think about this project for the remote control? Do you have some already planned something for your marketing strategy or the sales strategy? Well, not yet other than doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do with their building, their designs, their ideas. I also have to pinpoint which market we're going to go into. This should be a fairly large market because the number of people that the competition. I agree, it has to be something new. It has to be something that draws people saying, hey, I like this. Whether it works or not, it'll have the first say, I like this, I like the design. And then it's going to be simple to use. Yes. So what I prefer, maybe you need to interact more with the Christine, okay, because you know what she's going to do it. Okay. And you know how to sell it. Okay. Because she's doing the design, but you're the core because you're on the marketing. Okay. So you need to sell any, you're the responsible for all the money, the finance. Okay. Tomorrow. So what I prefer, okay. So you need to interact with the Christine more and within her team, okay, who is using the functional design or technical design. Okay. And you need to come up with some kind of plan. Okay. How we are going to do the your sales plan. Okay. Do we already have a cost limit on this? An idea of how much we want to market this for? How much is it going to sell for? That's a test up to us to decide. Yes. That's how to decide. Okay. So the best thing is you both of the Christine and you discussed with yourself. Okay. And come up with the cost and how we are going to compete in the market, okay, in the technically or in the sales wise, okay, the commercial wise. Okay. Then we have to design, okay, how long it will take the whole project. Okay. How much is going to cost us and how much we are going to benefit for the company. Okay. Of course, it's, it's a benefit for everybody individual. Okay. So I think it's maybe if you can give me some kind of your, the sales plan. Okay. Including the technical what she's going to talk to you within the team. Okay. Then it will help me to discuss with the management for further, okay, and put it in the, the proper project plan. And if you need any coordination in between, compared to the maybe the some technical vendors or commercial vendors. Okay. Depends if you want to have some marketing plan or technical plan. Okay. So you let me know. Okay. I can coordinate or maybe you have my coordinate. Right. Mm. Between all the. Well, no, not exactly. I mean, my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable. It's acceptable to the people who are going to use it and look at the best ways to do that. Yeah. So I think I'll have to interact with Christine and discuss with her. Yeah. So that she's not designing something that my studies will show right off the bat that it's not going to work. And so it's sort of, it's a loop that feeds in, but I don't think necessarily that I'm in a coordinating position for it. Yeah. So basically you need to interact with Christine more, okay, for the user acceptability. Yeah. Okay. And the testing. Okay. Then. Which will also feed into the marketing because depending on what users want depends on how you sell it, what taglines you attach to it, how you try to make it more attractive to users. So I think all three groups will need to interact quite a bit. And then I guess build the plan based on all of that because I think you need to take all the factors into account. But what are requests? Okay. Keep adding the loop. Yeah, of course. You're meeting and Christine meeting because he should know what's happening. Yeah, we can see him on any discussions or documents that are passed around. Okay. All the discussions to me. Okay. Sure. I need to submit to the management. No problem. So any questions for time being? So the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design. Yes. Okay. So come up with the functional design and to discuss with Ed, okay, how it's going to work. And first of all, with your user acceptance, okay, how it looks like and how it's going to work in the market. Okay. So then we can discuss about further things. Okay. So we'll meet when the we'll just on the further meeting. Okay. Thanks for coming. Would you mind at the conclusion of our meeting? Could you send us a copy of your slides? Yes. Yeah. That would be useful. Yes. I'll copy. Let us keep all the emails and all the copies so we can share each other. Okay. So you know everybody what's happening. Sure. Okay. And if anything you need anytime. So please either you can call me or just send me email or just come and knock my door. Okay. So I'm available here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for coming and I wish you a nice time then. Thank you. See you later. Thank you. Okay.