 Why is there a... See... Which way? You sit anywhere in the back. Okay. But I'll let the left one. Okay. Okay. Can you see that? Hey. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You've always forget how to put it. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Now it's really serious, so I can stop. Yeah It's good I have to do my presentation. Okay. Hey So I present myself I'm at a long month and has you may know it time the project manager So We will have to Speak about the project our project project is to create a new remote control and As you may know there's a lot of industrials interesting and creating and remote control so the remote control has to be original trendy and user friendly Record So the project method is the following So for the functional design you have to do an individual work and Also work with the meetings talking with each other It will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design The tool training is to try out the whiteboard Maybe you can draw your favorite animal and And Make a list of its favorite characteristics I don't know if we have to do So the selling price of the project will be 25 euros Yeah, yeah, I think it's quite good price It's a little bit worth it and it will be a an international remote control as We want to sell it in the entire world and The product costs will be not more than 12 euros and 50 centims So as you will discuss about the remote control you will have to experience your With a remote control Just maybe be imaginative with remote controls try to create something new and people would like to to buy And the next meeting will start in 30 minutes So you all have your Specific role and you know I suppose you know what you have to do and You will have to work on the design and also to work on the design of technical functions of the remote control and Think of the user requirement specifications those things just refer to each of each of us. I think yeah, yeah ID yeah ID for the industrial designer, okay, and you ID for the user interface Okay marketing expert, it's me I mean, so I will manage all the group the bigger manager So you have questions Not really So you all know what's the parts of the work you have to do yeah, so which you the industrial designer I am the industry and user interface design, okay, and you I am the industry design Okay, okay, so what's the difference between You the interface design when you have to know Your job, so I hope you you know You know, yeah, I think Suppose you have to design it and you have to take care of the industrial way to make a user interface you You maybe you look just for it co-function I think the user the user interface design is heavily designed how the user will use the relation between the user and Yeah, and the Industrial design it is how the object will look like maybe I think The material is a function these how design the user interface you desire the function Maybe just the outside in the inside Okay But I was thinking that it is a user to the user interface to design for example where the button will be you know Yeah, I don't know You know I am the industry designer. Okay, okay, not the other Okay So and the marketing expert Yeah, I'm just gonna I'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have and then this would I guess converge to the user interface designer and then Industry that design and when designing you the remote control just remember that it has to be a kind of international product So you don't have to do something really specific As every day everybody will have to use it is the same as keyboards You know you have QWERTY as ity French and UK keyboard So really the remote control to be International okay and not too expensive Yeah, at the simple as we want to Maximize the benefit and you have to keep it under 12 euros and Yeah, yeah to keep in mind that that's the product cost won't be max more than 12 dot 50 euros, okay and To be sure that really people would be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the Existing remote controls now So is it okay? Hmm? It's clear There was a step about rolling something in the window board, I don't know yeah, maybe you should go and roll an animal Is it I'm supposed to do it right now. Yeah, you try try for I From the left is You think we have to do it now. I was thinking but I'm not sure You Can draw something which is worse You want me to draw something Everybody should be here. Yeah, it's really good that I think everybody should do it, so yeah, it's not a part of it Okay, oh it's the same as mine What is the cat It's a fat cat That's the fat cat okay, that's a hair draw Oh Right it's difficult as you have to grow if you want to Mouse is okay Just go you your closest to the whiteboard good right but and grow it's everybody has to Okay, I Joe It's only second joy like this Duck no, I have no idea the eyes Yeah, that was the eyes okay a clown rabbit rabbit it's a rabbit Oh Buksbunny one. Yeah Okay, that's so bad The only thing I can't draw coffee is worse in my okay, I go The Trinity what So what else this was my favorite one Thank you Fish right Forgot the chips. Oh, yeah, it doesn't look so fine Have to be really careful fish and chips, okay I Shoot them Oh That can I grow somewhere Oh Oh to teach you and to to know oh It's my favorite city so far. A person? No. It's a very crazy dog. It's a dog in a village. Okay. So what are you going to do now? I think it's done. Yeah. It's done? Yeah. Okay. Just to. So we've done a project. Disgustly about it. Oh my god. Oh, we have 25 minutes for the meeting. Yeah. So if you have questions? What time is it? No. No. It's okay. Yeah, it's okay. You know your job. You know your job. You know your job. I would not have your pleasure. Okay. Yeah. So, okay. Good. Just. What is this? Where is this supposed to be? This way. It's not? Mm-hmm. This is a city I would like to hear. I'm going to take a picture of the phone. Mm-hmm. I'm good. I'm going to take a picture of the phone. Okay. Okay. Sorry. Okay.