 I'm making it out. Rock this time, this time. There we go. There we go. It's not that complicated, but I get it right every time. I'm going to do this. I guess we're just waiting for. I'm not doing it. I'm making it with you. I suggest we start a meeting without Matthew. He's late for some reason. Today we will talk about the conceptual design. I hope we both did some work concerning the idea. This will be the agenda for the meeting. I will take some minutes again. We will have to presentations of a few different team members. Then try to come to decisions about the concepts you presented. We have 40 minutes to complete this. Who has this? I think Matthew is important. Matthew is here. There is Matthew. It's really a team project with a team. If someone is not here, then we can make it okay. It's good. I'll just email you this file. My presentation. You have a presentation already? I'm a CML IT. I sent you the slides. I see them. TEACHS are coming up. Okay, so this is just a presentation on the trends that we're going to use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment. So we have to work out a way what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people want to buy it. This is to do this, I will not trim my microphone. We basically use some focus group surveys which I went through with you last time, the main results of that. And some research of the current design and fashion trends throughout the moment. And as part of this, the important aspect is that it came out or things that were already discussed really. The most important by far was the look and feel of it. It needs to be something that's very different from everything else out there. It needs to stand out. It needs to be not functional like the rest of the things out there at the moment. Most people find remote control of boring at the moment. We need to have something that looks interesting, that looks exciting, that will stand out. People will want to buy it. That was twice as important as the next item on here which is that it has to be technologically innovative, has to have something else. Apart from just the look of it, people have to then think about it and say there's got something there that I want that's a really cool feature. And it has to make them want to buy it again. Third on the list and again, innovative was twice as important as its last aspect. It has to be easy to use. So they have to be able to be able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it. Drawing on the fashion trends at the moment are fruit and vegetables. This is basically talking about just the feel of it. So probably not the smell of it. But the bright colours are catching really bold designs. And the sponge you feel. I had to talk to the design people about this but having a remote that's tactile, it feels different. That would be really cool. That will make it stand out. So can you repeat and be more precise about what you just said? It's a wonderful feel. The feeling you make it not that it's spongy is the current thing. Spongy is the current texture. But basically there are no reports, no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all. So if you make it maybe fairy or soft or something, don't leave something that sits at a pan. Rather than just be a plastic which they all are at the moment. So as far as design goes, the very most important aspect was the design to the customers. So going with the fruit and vegetable idea, we've got the bright colours. So makes it stand out. The oranges and the bright yellows and the fluorescent colours, part of the fruit and vegetables. Going back to the idea of taking inspiration from mobile phones. They've all got those, a lot of them have the tangible colours so you can choose what colour the outside is. That's one way of looking at it. Text with feel we just talked about. Maybe it's another way of doing that. So if it's part of the tangible colours, maybe they can choose a different texture. The sponge you want or a soft one or something like that. So they can choose that as they want to. Yeah, that's a very good idea. To get in with their decor and their living room or just what they like. The sports team or whatever. And yeah, still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design. So functionality, the way the mobile phones work, the way the keypad looks. Also, just the way that a lot of industrial designers going into mobile phones at the moment. The big telling items. People put a lot of thought into that so we can leverage off that. And we can start using some of their ideas. Back to technological innovation. Not quite as important but still a big issue. We talked about having a way of finding the remote control of this being lost. That's one thing we could look at. There are other aspects like LCD screens and speech recognition which weren't, I don't think my personal opinion going to be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them. I think we better do something basic like this which is very important and would be a really cool feature to put in. Easy use. I had no real specific ideas for this. Maybe just the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe by themselves. Maybe that you can. The finer details of buttons you don't use as much. Either hidden away or completely separate. And that's the presentation. Okay, good. Very clear. Yeah. Very clear. So they don't have any comments or ideas in that? Maybe we, yes. Well, maybe can decide later on the look and feel of what's a good idea maybe to let the people choose. Yes, there are changeable coppers. But on the other hand, I don't know whether my superiors would be so glad with it because you have to introduce a complete new line of supplies that would be a very complicated organizational. Well, we're selling so many units at this. This is going to be a mass marketer product. We need to have two or three different designs at least. Yeah. A range of a set of three, four different aspects. And of course, it will be, we get, if it works, we get after sales, that would be very good. I mean, those covers could go for three, five euro. It's very good idea. And then maybe we can go achieve presentation because then we could discuss later, like, we can put all the ideas together together in the data. You might have some information on the easy to use. Yeah. And your past is very related to mine. Yeah. When you suggest something, then it has to be attributed. I'll go with that actually. So, then the idea of having a remote is generally you have different keys and different structures, different forms. And they could be like buttons or like, triangle. And they could be of varying sizes if you want to, to basically emphasize a particular key more than other. And maybe like you can have different colors, for example, having the red for the on off, switching on and off the button. So this is a general trend to the method they do. So what I found was that conversely, the conversely, mostly that the TV, VCR, music system of rated ones actually, and they are very specific to each other. But there are some common keys. For example, if you want to forward a VCR and if you want to forward a strong track on the, see, they have this common thing actually you can have. And there is also speech recognition to store channel information names. Like you can basically, if you have multiple functionality, say TV, VCR or something, I say to the TV and the tech, the TV, and you can program the keys if you want to certain keys or even the channel information. I like the idea though, having speech recognition for like the name of the channel like BBC, rather than remember the number of it on the keeper. It's a good idea. Yeah, so you can just, because as more and more channels come, then you have more and more problems to remember the exact channel numbers exactly. Even if you arrange it by however you arrange it, you still have the problem to remember exactly. So what functionalities do you suggest for that? So it's like it should be limited one. In the present market, I saw that says something like they are looking for 80 word thing, 80 word. We shouldn't be that difficult to implement like 80 to 100 word. Basically, you want, you don't want to store all channels in the remote control. You want to store your favorite channel. Yeah, some 10, 12 channel information, you know, you don't want to store all the 100 channel information into that. And basically, it depends like the remote with LCT display for browsing because you have multiple functionalities. For example, you are watching a movie and you are having a universal remote control and you want to, you don't know really which functionality is my reward in now. So I am using the TV. So every time I use it, it could be like, for example, I can use a simple toggle switch and a display. So I press it. So the display says, okay, I have an TV or DVD or whatever it is, instead of having three keys separately for four keys, tomorrow the functionalities will increase actually in for you and you might want, you don't want separate keys for all of them. You can, and well, there can be children friendly where you can program your remote so that they, they are not allowed to browse certain channels which you can block them and you can operate them. So these are the things presently which are seen in the market scenario. So present, I personally would look at things like having a universal remote is a good idea. Like instead of having image, we individual ones for all of them, you can think of having with multiple functionality, possibly with speech recognition, I got a mail from the coffee machine interface unit that they have integrated the speech recognition into the coffee machine. And so if you say hello coffee machine, it's the high Joe or something like that, you know, and the machine is not too many words of using with that. So it's a limited vocabulary thing and maybe isolated word and it's, it is interesting and basically storing the channel through voice or other ways of programming your keys on the display for the browsing which is again, maybe having something like a blinking thing, like it could indicate your, it could indicate what is called like the, whether you have in a battery in your, in your remote, the blinking. At the same time, if it's a dark room, it can be used to locate the remote also. So I really are. And you want, okay, for coming back to one point, you want to let the user programming the keys, some of them? Yeah, you can let them to do that. And isn't that too difficult for the, we want, I don't know if we still want the RC to be easy to use. That's the word. No, but the, it depends on the easiness like the user, how much effort he can put. Like for example, I would like to store in certain way. So if you want to give the full freedom to the user or you want to keep some constraints and let the user use it with their constraint. I think you can do it both ways. You can have it so it's easy. They can pick it up and use it straight away without doing any, without customizing it. Or if they want to, they have the option of using these extra features. So, but I, maybe you can give him to us because I, I'm not sure whether that, that we can implement that for 12 euro and 50 cents. I'm sorry to have, so every time I have to come down on a price again. So this might be a little limiting for your creativity, but it's, it's, it's real. Yeah. We have to consider it. So do you think these ideas and my speech recognition, maybe it's possible for, for 12 euro, then it will be at cost of other functionality. We might implement like the, the, the, the furry, uh, uh, case of the, yeah, like I would say that for priming, uh, keys, you said, uh, it could be, uh, easily, uh, done within the, the package of 12 euros. Yeah. But for the ASR system, uh, I'm not sure if it's feasible to have this. Well, we can still look at, we can talk with the coffee unit and you can check how much, how much, how much, if it's a low vocabulary, it's already implemented. Yeah. I knew how much it's cost. Maybe we can come, we can talk to them and we can come with that. You know, and also, well, you can think of having a, since you have a, you know, something more, and maybe if you add a little bit of even display, you might need the, to keep checking the battery. So anyway, you need some kind of indicator. So it could be a blinking option of a LED, which could actually be used to detect also if it's in a dark room, you can basically detect it also. Yeah. So a lot of the idea to be able to use the remote in the dark. So either having the buttons so you can feel the difference between them or they know, I think it's like, you know, it tells you, um, it can be for two purposes, like if you have an LCD display and all those things, it's not going to be the remote, which is having, we need just a six, six volt, uh, sorry, three volts, um, uh, DC. It may need more actually. So you may need to check your battery usage. And then you need that some functionality to indicate the battery limit. And then if the battery limit is indicated, if it could be indicated, we're blinking something and it can change the color depending on your, how much is the battery. Well, that is good enough to even locate it, even if you want to, you know. Okay. Good. Yeah. So I don't know if, if I have time to talk about, uh, yes, you have time some more. Yeah. Yes. Yes. You can. You can still. Sure. You can, you know. Okay. So what I'm going to present here is very, um, yeah, basic knowledge about the, uh, or the, the components that are inside, uh, RC, and remote control. And how is it manufactured? What is the process is to explain you? So the method is there is a set of components in, uh, in a remote control, like everywhere. And, uh, what caused the, the components in themselves do not cost a lot, but the way to assemble everything costs obviously. And I will show you my preferences, uh, at the end. So there are two, uh, different types of, uh, different ways of using the, the components for making a remote control. Uh, the basic way is to use a, an integrated circuit and some transistors, resonator resistors that aims at communicating, uh, uh, the message and to, to send the message to the, um, to the lead that will transmit to the receiver. And, uh, yeah, there are the components and the circuit board, boring buttons and for a lead, et cetera, for the components. Um, so it's not in finding just to say that the chip can detect, uh, when a key is pressed and then translate to the key to a sequence, something like Morse code, as you know, uh, with different sequence for each key. And, uh, and that's with the components we use, we'll have different, uh, messages, different sequences. And the chip sends that signal signal to the transistor that amplify to make it stronger. Um, so electronic parts are assembled onto printed boards, uh, because it's easier to mass produce an assemble. And, uh, uh, so I think for our design, we want some, uh, programmable, uh, you know, VLSI or FPGA, uh, high technology. And this is important. And so we'll use, uh, yeah, like in any, uh, high tech devices, uh, chip of five fiberglass to solve them and connect them. Um, so my personal design, we need to find a solution. What, um, what is the material of the cover we want to use? If it's plastic or you said that, yeah, you had some ideas, uh, like foot veg or, uh, maybe we can give the, uh, the case a very, uh, uh, normal, very normal case, but with a change book covers to fancy it up. So like a normal cheap plastic case, which can be covered up in, for instance, a wooden case. I'm just doing with cars, I think inside the car. Yeah. Yeah. So they also emailed me that, uh, they have, uh, available a bunch of different buttons, squirrel wheels, integrated push buttons, such as a motor computer, mouse, and, uh, very cheap LCDs. So liquid crystal displays. So I'm wondering, I think we might be able to integrate LCD into our RC. And the final point, okay, is, um, we have, yeah, there are some, uh, compromise to, to do. So we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip, but the squirrel, uh, and that kind of higher high tech stuff needs more money, um, which is a higher price range, right? And the display requires an advanced chip, which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip, but I think, uh, with 12 euros, um, any if it's, uh, made for four million, uh, items, then I think we could be able to under that. So to, to sum up, um, we need, yeah, so I just said that the components, the list of components, uh, has to be, uh, yeah, listed and, uh, and, um, assembly is an important process that has to be taken into account. And, uh, for the designing of the car, uh, cover layout, then it's better to, to maybe see that with, uh, the, your, uh, UI expert so that we can, it's really a team working. Uh, so I, I cannot design something without your agreement, right? Sure. Of course. For example, uh, I wanted to know, like, if you want to have, uh, uh, if you want to have the LCD display over there, or if you want to store the programs with the keys, what kind of things you need inside your thing inside? What, what, yeah, it's kind of, um, simple FPGA program, programmable device. Okay. And we have to insert, I think we could insert one that could under the several functions of, okay. So in that case, you can even look at the technology, what the mobile phone is trying to use with the PGA card. Exactly. Yeah. Focused onizing. Yeah. They have actually how cost effective it would be to put that chip into it and do that. Yeah. So I think we, we should come to some decisions now. Yeah. Uh, about this. Um, so I understand, uh, when we want the display, we need a expensive chip. But when we want the scrolling wheel, we also need to expensive chip. So can we use chain chip? So with one expensive chip, we can, uh, implement several complex, or, uh, advanced future. Exactly. Yeah. That's a very good idea. We could have one main chip that could handle, uh, it's called FPGA chip that could handle both, uh, like scrolling wheels, as well as, uh, LCD. So when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is, is possible in the, in the given budget, uh, maybe we should go for, for the more expensive chip. So all features, which you mentioned can be implemented based on the same chip. Yes. Well, do you think just feasible? I don't know if it will fit into our cost of, uh, you know, you think, you think it's possible? Is it possible to fit in? Yeah. I was thinking, I think both, uh, if we had a budget of 20, 20, uh, euros, it will be okay. But, um, but we need specific costings and actually do no, two designs and then cost them out and see which one is going to fit in our budget better. Yeah. That's an excellent idea. Yes. Well, when you make a, uh, a design, you can, next meeting, you can give an quite an exact cost price. Yeah. Yeah. Because right now I don't have the price in, in head, but for next meeting, I'm sure you're, we are. Yeah. That's, that's something which I wanted to ask you also, like what will be the each inventory, the cost of it. Yeah. For example, if you want to put wood, I wouldn't suggest for wood. Okay. And the big, because it's, I think it's much easier to use a plastic or anything like that. And rather than a wood, it will be much, much expensive though it's the most natural thing. But yes, but I think, I think we can just use more cheap plastic for kind of basic addition that people can fancy it up with, with more expensive materials, which, which, which, which, with, we can give the preference to them. But it is, but with plastic or the rubber or whatever it is, it's much better with that. Rather than buying. Yeah. But it's a detailed, yeah. Plastic versus wood. And we need maybe to center our discussion on the, the really what buttons, what functionality you want to offer to the user. Yeah. And maybe with graphs, I don't know, as a user interface designer, you could maybe help us on that. I think for next meeting, we, you two can present a real design. Okay. Okay. So drawing is on the board. Perfect. And then we now only have to, to decide the general function. So let's say next meeting, we produce two designs. Yeah, sure. One, one. Yeah, we have one less advanced and one more advanced than with the cost price. For the more we go for the, for the basic plastic case, which can be laid, fancy it up with a, with the additional, how do you call them? This like, like mobile telephones, you can put a cover over it. Yeah. But that can be done later. Yeah. Yeah. Now we can concentrate on the, on the basic remote control. Okay. We can give them smooth keys, you know, smooth keys with bigger eyes. So that, you know, the problem most of the time you see in the case is that it's small. Yeah. And every time you have to be very, but if we, if we, if we go to a different ways of designing those keys, then you can merge them together. So is there any, is it you're looking at particular? Oh, you can actually, for example, if you see they're, they're, they're quite small over here. And now you can, for example, as I was running, as you make them big, it may change the look of the thing also to the people at the same time, it is more, like it would be more interesting for people who are having these hours. Yeah. Big, big keys. Big keys. Better true for them, actually. I agree on. I'm not too, too many keys, of course. No, no. Well, one I've had before a remote control we have at home is one has actually got a cover on the bottom. So the bottom bit is just covers half the keys most of the time. And you can start the cover back to get to the, the more advanced case. Yeah. But then you have still have, when you don't use it, you have such a, an extent of your remote control, which you don't use. So maybe it's possible. I don't know whether you can, can indicate this that you can ask to, where open your remote control and on the inside, yeah, are buttons you don't use that much. I've seen that before, too. Another, another, like the, it drips up and then you got another low button underneath. Yeah. So it's something like this, the model, yes, where you can put the key. That's what you mean. I've seen also with keys and buttons on the top of here as well. That's what it means. So I mean something like, like a book. I like this one. I like the shape of this one. Yeah. Can we have, can we think about maybe having a normal tongue, not non-renticular one? So it's not just the state little box. So they curved or something. Maybe we need to also to make a decision on how, how big we want to be and how many buttons, like we should. Is this for the next week? No, I think it might be our time, our time for this meeting. Yeah, that, yeah, next meeting we should be. Just, just make two designs. Yeah, that, that, turn up on a second. And then we, we can assign, design, swing those designs. Yeah. Okay. So anyone, any questions? No, no, no. So is there anything else I need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting? Yes, I come to that. Maybe it would be interesting if you could look for the cost inventories of other devices if you're using speech recognition or something like that. Yes, well, maybe, I don't know whether this is possible. Maybe you can start evaluating their work somehow. Okay. Or is this me designing a way to evaluate it? So thinking about how to set up test scripts and things. I don't know whether that's possible in the given time, but as far as possible. Okay. So you two will be together on two prototypes. Yeah. And further instructions will be, will be sent to you by two or three prototypes. Two. One for like cost and the one is like higher than. Okay. So that, and then we can be recombining them. Find a compromise between both of them. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Okay. Let's call this to an end. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. So we have done.