 You don't need to know about my health. Good morning everybody. Good morning. Good morning. Oh, everybody's not ready. Almost. Right. Okay, let's go. So we're here today to have our first kick-off meeting about this new project. We're going to talk about it in a few minutes. So I would be Sebastian, the project manager. You are? Michael, I'm the user interface designer. Okay. I'm Guillermo Nadega. I'm the marketing expert. And I'm Hammond, the industrial designer. Okay, very good. Thanks for being here. So let's have a look to the head-gender. So we are going to go through this agenda and mainly first to be used to the tools available. This is nice and smart meeting room we have here. Then we'll go to the planned project and have general discussions about it. So the goal of this project is to give up a new remote control. It should be original, trendy, and also user friendly. As usual, we will follow the project method that we are using in our company. It is in three steps, as you know. First, the functional design, the second, the conceptual design, and then the detailed design. During each step of each design, you will work separately, individually, on your specific tasks, and we will meet to discuss and take decisions about what you did and what we will do next. So first, we have to train ourselves with all the tools available in this nice meeting room, and particularly the whiteboard. So we are going to go through the whiteboard and take some notes or do some drawings. So we want to start. I will let them know. I don't really have a favourite animal, but I have one in mind. I will tell you about the spider, because you can actually draw it pretty well in the corner of the whiteboard. The spider lives in a web. It has eight legs, and it can move all about the web in two dimensions. Unless it is a three-dimensional web, which there are some spiders that live in. They have a big ball of a web. The other thing is some spiders can fly. They have a web building material, but it acts like a parachute. They can go and find new web somewhere else. I think they did this in Charlotte's Web, that little book first, but at the end all the spiders kind of flew away. Thank you. They are interesting. Guillermo, do you want to? I don't know why, but when I was a child I wanted to be a panther. Not a pink panther. Maybe it is difficult to draw a panther. It is a friendly panther. Maybe it is happy because it just ate someone. Maybe. Actually, I don't know what is the male or female. I have watched that lion's hand is the female lion who has a hand. I like it because it is fast and it is black as well. It can hide itself very easily. It looks like powerful. I was a film about a black panther when I was a child. I was in that age when everything was choking me a lot. Thank you. I like it. I like it. This lapel is coming out once and a while. It is not very strong. Not the favorite animal, but I think I will draw elephant. That is a problem. Elephant goes like this. It is a gem. I don't know whether there should be any distance or not. I think this is the easiest. Then we have it strong. Something like this. I am cute. Sometimes they have a hump. It seems that elephants are pretty friendly and they have one very important way, a different way of walking. So, when they walk, wherever they are going to put their first feet, the second feet will always be. When they come to that position, the third feet will be there. That is the way they walk. They are very peculiar about them. None of the other animals walk like this. They are very useful to human beings. At least few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportation or something. Or when they had to carry huge loads from one place to another. Elephants were very useful. They are found in usually the warm countries. That is what I want to tell you about. Is this an Indian or an African elephant? There are two kinds of different Indian and African elephants. Indian elephant is having one bump, and the African have two. Then there is a difference in the trunk of the animals. These elephants who are Indian. For some elephants, the trunk is having one. Do we have some message there? We have to get you to go to the meeting. Thank you. We can discuss that offline. We will discuss offline. We will do another meeting on the head. So, another important part of the project is about money. And about finance. We should target the same price of 25 euro for this remote control. We should generate a profit of 50 million euros. We should target an international market. So, Chris asked one question. Is this a standalone unit that we are going to be selling? You already have a TV, but you are buying an extra remote control for something. This is the next topic we have to discuss. So, let's go to it. So, we should decide which kind of remote control we want to go. Should it be specific remote control to some specific device? Should it be a universal one? And extra. So, I am waiting for your inputs very quickly because we have only three minutes to go. Okay, well, so it seems the first thing that they have specified is the price based on how much profit we want to make, which seems to be a little strange if we don't know what the product is yet. I guess if that's the requirement that we need to design the product to actually fit that price bracket. So, I guess we need to find out what people are willing to pay for, what kind of product they are expecting for 25 euro. It seems quite a lot for remote control. Okay, I think this is more a job to our market person. So, it should be the topic of maybe the next meeting, just to have another view of this, in which they actually should go. So, we need to close the meeting. We'll have a new meeting soon. And so, here are the work every of you have to do. So, you have to work on the working design. You have to work on the technical functions. And you have to work on the user user requirements specs. You will receive some information by mail as usual. Thanks for coming today. Thanks. Thank you.