 Okay, good morning. It's our first meeting. Good morning. Good morning. I'll be your project manager for today for this project. My name is Mark Knopf. We'll be giving this presentation for you to kick the project off. Let's see a Jennifer today. Of course, we're new to each other, so we'd like to get acquainted first. So let's do that first. I mean, let's start with you. Can you introduce yourself? You're a marketing expert. Yes. My name is Derek. I'm Derek Meinfeld. I will be a genius project marketing expert, and I will see what the user wants and what we can do with the new project. Excellent. And you're our new user interface? The user interface designer. I'm going to look at the technical design from the user point of view. Excellent. Okay. My name is Sophia Jürgen. I'm the industrial designer, and there are three main questions that I have to find an answer to today. First one is what happens inside the operators. Second is what is the operators made of, and the third is what should it look like? I should it look like. Okay. Let's kick it off. There we go. So our new project is about we need to design a remote control for a television set. So it has to be original, trying to end user friendly. I took this off our corporate website. I think it sums up what we need to do. We're inspired by the latest fashion, not only electronics, but also the latest strengths and clothes and interior design. That's where our project will always fit in your home. So apparently we need to be very open to what's currently hot in the market. So that's what you need to do to bring us the latest info on what people want. So we put the fashion electronics. So that's what we need to go for. Anyway, we'll take this project in three steps. Three phases of design. First step will be the functional design. And this is basically what we're going to do. Everybody has a piece of individual work and a meeting afterwards so we can share information about it. So I'm going to keep this short since we had a technical problem. So skip through this. Okay. Every meeting we, everybody can present their views and everything. So to help with these, we have the smart boards here. You can use a regular PowerPoint presentation. I'm supposed to give you an introduction on this doodling board. So it's actually, it's very easy. Like it says, it's very simple. You just take out the pen. Like you see here, I'll just take the toolbar with you. That's it. You just put it on the board. You see your pen here. You go here. Just select using your pen. You can just draw whatever you want. Select your eraser and erase whatever you want. And so it will be easy just to illustrate your views. If you want to change the format, you just either take, oh, you select the pen and whatever you want. Your current color, the line width, just to make the line bigger. So that's super really easy. Just take the, just take a new slide and back again. I'm just going to keep using this board all the time. So I think it will be, it's very clear for everyone I suppose. I'll take this out. Okay. I'm going to use that later. Anyway, just stuff that you want to share. Just put it in the project folder. Like I put my presentation now. I'll put the minutes of every meeting. I'll put them there too. So everybody can read up if they have to leave early or whatever. So next, I've been here. Well, I'm going to give the electronic whiteboard a shot. So basic idea is we have a blank sheet. Just try whatever you want. And like it says, draw your favorite animal. I think the creative genius should go first. The creative genius, thank you very much. So draw us your favorite animal. Well I'm more into the technical aspects of drawing. So I'm not really good at drawing animals. But the animal which I pretty much, oh, still erasing. And for my animal, it will be like king side. I pretty much like dolphin because of its freedom basically. Let's see. Ahead. I haven't actually worked with this. It's like a very high tank. Bit low responsive though. For pen and paper. That's what we don't want. Want the high responsive product. So it looks like a nuclear bomb. Doesn't look like a nuclear bomb. This thing isn't doing what I want. So let's go easy on it. It rather does look like a nuclear bomb. I'll just finish up real soon. Look at that. So it doesn't really look like a dolphin. Anyway, this is only from. It's supposed to be dolphin. You like the freedom that it represents. Like the ocean, like swimming. Do that in my spare time. So that's basically it. What do you like? OK. Well, now we can forget the show. Mark the expert. Show us an animal. An animal. I like the elephant. Pick a clean sheet. Pick a clean sheet first. It's pressed next. That's it. Oh, blank. OK, next. I like the elephant. It's big. It's strong. So it's a little bit. It's not really that responsive. No. It's a beautiful animal. Oh, you have to press it pretty hard. With a smile, man. It's very important. It's a cute elephant. Yeah. And not to forget it still. Oh. It's a nice beard. No, it's OK. Yes. Do you want to make a comment on my dolphin? I will beat the dolphin. OK, so it's just to be. Yeah. So I suggest you make us the elephant in the market. The big and strong player in the market. Yeah. It'd be good. OK, excellent. On to the next one. OK, you should press next. Yes, next. Yeah, it's up there. OK. That's it. OK, well, the animal I'd like to draw is a tiger. You picked a hard one, didn't you? It's my drawing skills. I really think that's it. What? They are? They are really bad. My drawing skills. OK, yeah. Sure looks smooth. I'm not sure how to make sure you're not. Ah, these are stripes. I've picked this animal because it's very fast. It knows exactly what it wants. It hardly ever wastes any resources. What does it want? Well, basically it hunts for prey, but it does it always in a very well thought way. It knows exactly what it wants. It never kills an animal just for the killing. So it's very efficient. And it tries to do everything as fast as possible. And it always grows for security in seeking a high spot and doing everything, security, speed, and efficiency is important. And I think there are things we can do. Yay, I suppose to draw the animal next. I introduce to the world of the amazing ant. Hard worker. Great team workers. You know, do everything really small and together and really strong. You have a smiley face. I'm not sure where the sixth parlor, just put them here, whatever. I think it's neat shoes. Just two days to draw it all black, sir. That's the coolest animal I've ever seen. I think it's a great thing to do. I think it's a great thing to do. I think it's a great thing to do. I think it's a great thing to do. That's the coolest ant ever. You've done this before, haven't you? I love to draw ants. It's my hobby, anyway. I think it's very representative of what we drew, I guess. Like you take your freedom and use a trendy interface that you design for us. You're supposed to make it different from what other people have and just make it a little distinct. Anyway, thank you for stopping the meeting. See, morning, finish meeting now. I'm going to put this down. It's not full as well. I guess we have a little time extra of it. Just a little quick discussion to open our work. What do you guys think about the first ideas? It's very short. I'll start with you. What are your first ideas for a new product? Well, I basically had a question. Are you going to introduce a multi-remote control? Is it just the TV or do we want to? The project I got was just for a TV remote control. Just for TV remote control, I guess. I was thinking about design remote control with our motto and all. The thing to keep in mind is that we need to stick to what people are familiar with. No rational changes or whatever. Okay, so very intuitive design. We might have to consider other design aspects of our product. So that was something I wanted to add. Perhaps some usability aspect. TV is becoming central in most homes. Do we want people who are disabled in any way to be able to use it as well? I suppose we want almost everyone to be using it. Really disabled people here. It might be a problem, but I think it's a little thing to take into consideration. I think we really need to cut the meaning short. Anything you want to share quickly? Only one thing that has to be in it, according to me, is the material it is made of. It should be something light. It should be light. Okay, let's see where that... Oh, this is it. Sorry, I skipped this sheet. Quick, we're going to selling price 25 euros. That's for you, the production price to often half euros. Approximately, just go for that and reach that profit. Not that much. No, it's not much to work with. I'm sorry, I skipped it. Anyway, this is it. Anything you came up with yet about marketing transfer, whatever. About what? Marketing? Marketing transfer, I'm not sure what you came up with yet. You have anything to share as we cut the meaning just? Not really yet. Okay, I have some ideas and I will... Anyways, the personal coach will give you your personal assignments and everything. So we'll just meet back in your 30 minutes. Okay. Now, share, we have that. Good luck, everyone. Thanks for attending. I'll see you back in your 30 minutes. Okay. Okay. Okay.