 Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. You have to put exactly on the plate. Good morning. Should I bring my pen to? No, that's for me. I do. Come on. There we are. My laptop is crashing. Damn, come here. Help, help, help. Let's just check one more time. Can't hear me. I don't know. Check. Okay. Test, test, test. Yes, it's warm. So you already know what we're going to do or not? Mm-hmm. Okay. I'm going to make a remote control. I think my laptop is a bit......echie. I'm going to make a presentation. We also put some things in it. Okay. How does this work? I don't know. One, a host and write. That's my name. We're going to make a remote control. We're going to have a look at our meeting. You know this is about 25 minutes. The first thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do. We also read what these things are not yet. It has to be original training user-friendly. First, we have three steps of making the remote control. The first thing is in the functional design. It's very important. We have to look at what the needs are, the effects of the functional design and how the remote control works. That's where we're going to look in the functional design is for the next meeting. The second thing is the conceptual design. That's the specifications of the components and properties and the specifications of the user interface. We have to look at what the market is doing for what kind of remote controls are in the market. The third thing is the detailed design. That's exactly how it looks. These are two smart boards. You know all the here can put things in the project map folder. We have to look at that one. You can read. We have to use different pen colors and different thickness of the pen. First, to show you, maybe you can come here to have a look how it works. You can use pen format and different colors. There's no pink. I'm going to draw with an elephant. Just draw it slowly because otherwise it won't work. It's a very nice elephant. It looks very nice. Something like this? It's a pink elephant. This takes a little bit slow. You can see this is a bit annoying. You can draw a painting. Use it like that. You can use it. It has to be water. The water is important. It's a fish. Wow. This is so weird. Beautiful. You can use it. Well, Paul. Yeah. Like this? Yeah, not too far to the background. Let's make it a dog. Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back. I think it's a pig. I think it's a pig. I'll make a cat. I think it's a pig. I think it's a pig. I think it's a pig. I thought the expense would be just write it down. You really got to write on that paper. I thought it would be just in type words. You can't edit it in the editing. It's a donkey. I don't know. I think it was a... I think it was a... I think you have to save everything. This is definitely the last one. What we know is that we have to sell this remote control for about 25 euros. We have to make a profit of 50 million euros. We have to use a big market in Europe. We have to sell these to make 50 million euros. We have a little discussion about what experience our remote control is. My first question was, does it have to be universal remote control? That's a good question. Not with the television. I think it's not sure. I don't think you can buy a universal remote control for 25 euros. You can buy universal control for 20 euros. It's a universal remote control. Also for the PCR and DVD player. A lot of buttons on the remote control. Not just the TV. It's a black thing with buttons on it. We can try to make it special. Do you have any ideas how it has to look for usability? I've talked about making it the same as style as the television, which is we don't have the same television all the time. That's no matter. We control the PCR and DVD player with it. It has to be clear because kids and elderly are going to use it. It's not only for the technical persons. It must be a very good control so you can use it everywhere in your room. The infrared thing must be from very good quality. That's right. It should be a good point. How big should it be? It shouldn't be too big. We can make it to small because it has to have a lot of functions. We can't make it smaller than things we know. Just big enough for the buttons we have. We have to make mobile phones that you can fold it open. Maybe you can make it smaller and it's unique. Maybe more trendy. You think about one you can fold open. Maybe for the DVD player or something. Just general things like volume and TV channels. I think you don't use that often. Why should you use a touch screen on remote control? Maybe it's a manual. Maybe to keep it easy and small. Maybe it's not reachable. We have to care for the strength of the remote control. Remote controls are most things in the house that falls down on the ground. It gets often broken. If you have a touch screen in it, it's definitely too far. A lot of kits use it. You can put games on your remote control. How about the batteries? Should you put it in a recharger? Maybe that's a good idea. You can put it on your television and recharge. You never have to use any batteries. Maybe that's a good idea. We have to look at the price. How much is your standard mobile phone recharging? If you buy it separately from your phone, it's probably expensive. I don't know what the production costs are. If you look at the market, it's probably still the best way to put batteries. The home station is a really good idea because lots of people lose their remote control and don't know where it is. Now you can put it always at the same place. Maybe it's a good idea, but maybe it's expensive. Maybe use it as a separate option. You can buy it with it. I have a mouse that's also rechargeable. You just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in a station. Or you can change your batteries. I've got a new option. I've got something on paper already. Size, looks, usable. The buttons on usual places. The home-off button must be on top. It has to lay good in the hands. Does it have to be a different form than normal remote control? I don't know if you think we have to look at that. You can do it the standard way, but you can make it very special to create your own looks. It's very hard. If we want to make it special, we probably have to do a lot of testing if it really works. You can have basic things on the same place. Like on off-button on top and the TV channels one, two, three, four, as a block. The volume obviously on top. The rest is you don't use that often. If you have a clear button with a good icon on it, it should be clear as well. It doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control. You can do something unique with that. What we have to think about too is buttons that you use often are maybe like when you fall it open, when you have it closed, you can still do the functions. Yeah, on top of the TV. The basic options on top. When I'm watching TV, I'm just using like five buttons or so. Maybe it's very hard to make it full open and to look like it's very nice. If you make it full open, it's also the strength. It's not as good as a normal option. Maybe you have to keep it like a square, normal remote control. Okay, but yeah. We have to close this to finish this meeting. There are some more things. We have another 30 minutes, so then we're going to meet again. So you know what you have to do? Okay. For me, the marketing expert, the user requirements specification, do I need to think as a user, only the looks and what you want to do with it? Yeah, I think if you have to know if it's for a DVD player, all the things. Also from a user. It's also about strength. Yeah, maybe not not not strength. That's something for him. It's not for you. What's in the market? What's normal? What kind of buttons do you have? Do you want to do this remote control? What do you need on a remote control? I already wrote some down. Yep. Yeah. Is that okay? Okay. There's already a document in the folder. Yeah, me too. So, see you in 30 minutes. Okay. Okay. For the next time, you have to put it exactly on the square. So you're left off. Oh, Paul. Didn't say that. No, sorry. You're a fault. I'm a joke. Bye, Paul. Bye, Paul. Bye, Paul. Okay.