 Big sitting, good, release. Good session. Take this in little bit. Now my laptop is funny. It does it again. It's working. Okay, good afternoon. Okay, everybody found this place again? Yeah, that's nice. Okay, so this is our second meeting and still failing. Yeah, and now we're going into the functional design. The important thing of this phase is that we're going to try to get an agreement about the user requirements, technical function design and the working design. So that we can move on to the second phase. But first is phase. First announcement, there's a little adaptation in the air conditioning system. So there's our ghost mouse again. But that means that you can have a little trouble with air conditioning. That's because of this. Okay, it's in wing C and E. So it should be over in a while, a couple of days. It's going to be cold anyway, so I don't think you're going to need it. Then our agenda, first the opening. This time I will take the minutes. You're going to have a presentation, all of you. We've got 40 minutes for the whole presentations. So I suggest we take about 7 minutes per presentation. Then we can have a little discussion about the new project requirements, which have been sent to me. Then the decision on the control functions, which we want to include. So we've got 40 minutes for all of it. So I suggest let's start with the first presentation. Who wants to be first? I think I'll go first. Maybe it's easy if you will tell the presentation as well. Which function you have and where you're going to talk about. Okay, my name is Frank Vamponin. I'm the market expert, but you already knew that. I've done some research. We have been doing research in a usability lab where we observe users operating remote controls. We let them fill out a questionnaire. We had 100 of these test subjects. In addition, we did some market research. See what the market consists of, what ages are involved. Well, these are three quite astonishing results, I thought. Remotes are being considered ugly. They indicated that they thought they were ugly. An additional 80% indicated that it would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control. In addition, remote were not very functional. 50% indicated they only used about 10% of the buttons on a remote control. 50% indicated that the remote tended to get lost in their room. So, some things. Then we did some research to do most relevant functions. Channel selection and volume selection both got a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10 for relevancy. The power button got a 9 and 10 attacks got a 6.5. So, these are the most important functions of a remote control. Then there are some one-time use function. That's what I like to call them. They're audio settings, video settings, and channel settings buttons, which are not really used very frequently, but are still considered to be of some importance. Channel selection was also indicated to be used very frequently, 168 times per hour. Then this is the market. 60% of the market consists of users between the ages 16 and 46. Main characteristic of this group is that they're very critical under remote control. They like to use new functions, but they also are very critical. They won't spend their money very easily. The users of 46 to 65 years make up 40% of the market. They're not really very interested in features, but they do tend to spend their money a lot easier. What I think this indicates for our design, I think we should make a remote for the future. This means we would have to focus on the ages 16 to 45. This also makes the biggest part of the market, so it would also be where our main profit would be getable. This would mean we would have to make a fancy design. The results also indicated that about one quarter of the people questioned thought that remote control caused errors high. This is certainly something to take into account, and 34% thought that it was hard to learn and how to operate the new remote control. These are two factors that I think should be included in the design, besides of course that the remote must look very nice. Functionality, as a lot of people indicated, they only use about 10% of the buttons. I think we should make very few buttons. This will also be beneficial to the design of the remote. I think the most frequently used buttons should be emphasized, especially the channel selection and audio selection buttons, because they are used most, so they should be robust, they shouldn't break down easily. Then, as a lot of people indicated that their remote got lost in the room, it might be, and I say it might be because it would certainly boost the production costs a lot, but it might be a good idea to make a docking station. This would get a button in it which would send a signal to the remote which would then beep, so you know where it is in the room, and in addition to this it could recharge the batteries in the remote if you put it in. Then, surprisingly, a great deal of people indicated that an LCD screen in the remote control would be preferred. This was mostly people in the age of 16 to 25, but up to 45 it remains feasible. This would also greatly increase the production costs, so I think these are just some small factors we could consider. Okay. That would be all. Thank you. Anybody have any questions still now? About functional requirements. Okay, that's clear. Add to the second. Okay. Okay. You should interface. Yeah. For the technical functions of it. Yeah, you can take your time. We've got plenty of time. That's pretty good. Yeah, I think we must use the general functions of the remote control. I've learned a little research on the internet. Not much information about it. About interface. Yeah. I've been thinking about simple manner to put a lot of functions in one remote control. You've got a lot of devices like DVD, television, stereo. But it must be user-friendly. You can put a lot of functions in one remote control. Yeah. In one remote control. Yeah. Yeah. Got many functions in one remote control. You can see this is quite simple remote control. A few buttons. But this remote control. Got a lot of buttons. Yeah. People don't like it. So what I was thinking about was I was thinking about it like the on-off button. I keep it like a red button. Everybody knows it. You don't have to change that. My personal preferences. Use a display for specific functions of the different device. You've got the on-off button. So you've got the functions of the device for a DVD player. You've got real buttons for selecting a device. So this button is for a DVD. Every device you've got a part display of buttons. So you've never got all the buttons on one device. So that's my idea about it. Yeah. So that's me. The buttons, the real buttons we have to use. We better use quite large buttons for everybody after you see it. So if all people, young people, so we must keep buttons quite simple and quite large. Yeah. That was my part of it. So any other questions about technical functions? Well, I think if we're going to use a touch screen, we're going to go way above the 12 and a half euros. Yeah. I don't think so. You've got quite a cheap touch screen. It's not in the corner or something. It's just one call. Yeah. I've seen something on the Internet, not today, but a few weeks ago. You've got quite a kind of touch screen. It's for 20 euros or less. So it's possible. It's nice. Well, we certainly make a fancy design. It wouldn't be very robust. It's very fragile and you can get scratches on it. That is true. Yeah. Maybe we can first listen to your presentation. Then we have a little discussion about the requirements. Okay. Design. I think it's going to do. It's not that much. Okay. I've got a presentation about the working design. First about how it works. It's really simple, of course, everybody knows how remote works. The user presses a button. The remote determines what button it is. Uses the infrared to send the signal to the TV. The TV switches to the frequency or what function it is. So we've got the plate. It's got conductive disks for every button. When the user presses a button, a signal goes to the LED and transmits it to the TV. It's a very simple device, technically speaking. So this is a schematic overview. You've got the buttons, the power source. When a button gets pressed, it goes to the chip. The chip controls the infrared bulb and perhaps a normal bulb. When you press a button, you can actually see your pressed button. Well, I think we should use default materials, simple plastics. Keep the inner working simple so it's robust. I think we should focus on aesthetics, the design and the user interface because if you're going to use high-tech materials, the price is going to go sky-high. And you only have to design a remote once. And if you use high-tech materials, it comes back in every product. So in my idea, it's going to be smart to invest in design and not in the product itself. That's it. Okay, thank you. Okay, now I hope everybody has a little bit more insight in the functions we all have and what we are doing right now. I'm the project manager, so I'm here to mess things up and tell you some new requirements. We've got to design a remote which is only suitable for TV. That's because it will be too complex and the time to mark it will be too big if we want to have it for more functions. So it has to be simple. Another point is we have to skip the data text because in the world of upcoming Internet we think data text is going to be a thing of the past. And it's a function we don't need in our remote control. Internet is also mentioned just to go in a function we can use, maybe also on televisions that will be available as well. Another one is the customer is 40 plus. That's the market we have to target because we are going to develop a new product which is specially designed for the younger customers. This is a bit pity for the marketing expert because he was aiming on the younger persons. So we have to find a market which is above 40 plus but which will suit our remote control and the other way around. And we have to be very attentive in putting the corporate image in our product. So it has to be visible in our design in the way our device works. And we have to be very clear on this point as well. So I suggest let's have a discussion on the control functions. So is there any discussion possible about the requirements? We can see if we can find a way between the functions we want to use and the market we want to reach with our product. You are saying that teletext is going to be an old feature and it's not going to be used anymore anyway. Pretty soon new TVs will have internet access on them. But I think if you are targeting people of 40 plus the chance that they will have a TV with internet access within the next 20 years is very slim. In addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control. So I think it's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it. I'm pretty much against it. Against the no data text? Yes. Besides that I think the market for 40 plus is like pretty small. But if I see this I think we are just going to go for another step. Pretty much. I think we can do a lot with the design and the simple buttons which are also mentioned. If we put a lot of effort in those we can make remote control with just two or three buttons or just a remote which is suitable for the market. It's suitable for the market you want to reach because it is 40% of the market and if you look in Holland the whole generation of 40 plus 50 plus it's the biggest share of the whole population now. Yes but it's not the biggest part of the market. Besides that they are not very critical so I mean they don't really care what the remote control is like. They'll just pretty much take the first thing they see and which looks acceptable. But don't you think that if we make a remote which is typically made for this market that people think from the people think that's the device I've looked for although I didn't realize it. So let's try it. No. I think that would be the case in 16 to 45 age category because they are critical and they want to have a fancy remote control. People are 40 plus I mean they want it to work but as soon as it works it's okay with them. Yeah. If we put our marketing right we can sell this just like I don't know if you've heard about it in the news the elderly mobile phone. Yeah it's a big success. If we make a remote control with that idea in mind we could make tons of money I think. We don't have to focus on the design then but on functionality. We just change our focus on the project. And I think we can sell this. I simply think that the new products we're going to make specifically design are designed for younger people. So maybe we can focus ourselves on the elderly people. And I think we have to see what requirements we need for those remote controls because what you told is the channel selection is important. The volume selection power and data text. Yes. Okay. But obviously the board tends to disagree. No we haven't voted yet. I think that can be a function as well. But only if it's going to hire the cost. Because I don't know if it will be a lot more money to implement data text as well. But I don't think that will be a problem. Or is data text. And deaf people need data text for subtitles. Yeah. So I suggest that. Definitely be a bad idea not to include data text. Is anybody really against data text? No. Just that. Just keep the data text. I think that's good idea as well. Especially for the subtitles. Maybe we can make that another point of advantage in our remote control. If we make a button for example for big subtitles. Which is instantly on the remote control for elderly people that they can think I want to have subtitles and push the button and they get the big subtitles. That's a good idea. So I think that can be very useful in our advantage. Functionality should be few buttons you said. Yes. I think that's very important. We have a few buttons. So to keep it simple. I don't think that's really an issue anymore. If it's only for TV you're not going to need a lot of buttons anyway. You need one to zero button. Next channel, previous channel. Pull him up, pull him down. And some teletext buttons. Yeah. But do you need? I think we can skip this place or we need it. Do you need buttons for one to zero? Maybe we can. I think many people like to use that. Maybe you can use it. You want to switch from channel one to like 35. You don't want to push the next channel button 35 times. Maybe you can implement the scroll button. Or joystick. There are other ways to just look. There are other phones. There's only telephones in the scroll button which is very useful in searching names. That's true. I don't think there are many TVs that can switch channels that fast. So you would need like the TV would need a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it. If there are any TVs out there. And besides that, if we're going to focus on elderly people, they'll have to adapt. They're not used to using scroll buttons. Perhaps we should stick to the basic layout. Yes, the numbers. Yeah. We can see how much buttons there are going to be on the display. And if it's too much, we can reconsider it. But I think there won't be very much buttons or they're done. I think if you're going to make remote control only to operate a TV, there's not much you can gain on having as few buttons as possible. Because I think there are pretty many remote controls that can only operate a TV which already only have the minimum number of buttons. I don't think there's much to be gained in that area. The number of buttons. I think it's very important in the design. You can make a very fancy design with putting the buttons on the right places. If you have less buttons, you can do a lot more with it. That is true. But I think there's simply not much to gain on the competition when you're making a remote control only for to operate only the TV. To operate only the TV. There's simply not a lot of buttons required. There's not a lot of functions required. So most existing remote controls simply don't have a lot of buttons either. So I think it would be very hard to actually gain on the competition here. So it would cost a big marketing expedition. Which was one of the arguments to make it only for the TV because we didn't have the time to market a lot. So you suggest we could better focus on, for example, the docking station. Like other functions. Instead of less buttons. Well, I think we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons. But I don't think we should spend very much time in that. Do you think the docking station is allowed in the budget we have? It should be possible, yes. Because it's not too fancy. And if the remote stays rather small, it should be possible. Because I think that's a good advantage point as well if we have a fancy looking docking station. Or very... That's a nice requirement. So we're just going to focus on the extras. I think so. Yeah, I think maybe we should do some research into what other people like to have in a... We like to have X-raying in remote control. That's a good point. You said they easily get lost as well? Yes, well, 50% of the people indicated that remote control tended to get lost. So maybe we should implement the audio site or something. Yeah, that was what I suggested. Like with your keychain, if you were a solid girl, it makes us... We have some phones too. And you have a docking station. You just press the button and the phone goes ringing. Yeah, so the audio signal should be possible as well. I think it's not too expensive. Another point is the LCD screen. I don't know if that will rise to cost too much. I think we'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen, because... Yeah, it's going to be too much as well. I think since a lot of people indicated that a new remote control was hard to learn. And we're focusing on elderly people here, which tend to have a hard time understanding new devices. It might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it, which would explain a button if you press it, which would tell you what it does. Yeah. And it wouldn't have to be touchscreen or a very expensive screen. Just the LCD or just the normal screen. Just a small screen ID. Some extra info. Feedback. Yeah, I think that's a good idea as well. But I don't know if that would... Just a small screen heading to the... Cost. Extra button info. I think that should be possible as well. Let's see, what did we say more? Should be fancy design. Easy to learn. Few buttons. Talking station LCD. General functions. Yeah. Okay. And default materials. I think that's a good idea as well because... LDP people don't mind if it's a titanium cover or just a plastic one. So it doesn't really matter. I think... Probably elderly people would be a little bit more careful with their remote controls and youngsters. And let's specify the target group. Are we talking about elderly people or people from 40 to 80? Because I think what we're going to design now is for people above 60. Maybe. What do we want? If we want to proflate us with, for example, the telephone for elderly people, we can target the real elderly people. I think that would be... if we should do something like that, I think it would be really good for the image of the company. Yeah. And I think there would be a good market for it. So that's the... Really bringing enough of the product. You're talking about 60 to 80, for example. Yeah. But 60. I'd have to look into that a little more. Okay. And different cultures. Why are we... Well, I don't think they have different television sets in every country. No. Because... We've got five minutes left. It's a small word. And with the little screen in it, which explains the buttons, I think it would be a lot easier to adapt to two different cultures. Yeah. In different languages. Or you have to put a language button in it, but that will be a bit unnecessary, I think. It's better to put it on different markets with... Okay. So that's the target. Then a few small things. Okay. I will put the minutes in the project document folder. What we're going to do for the next meeting is the industrial designer will do the components concept, user interface designer, user interface concept, and the trend watching. So just keep in mind the things we've said about the target group requirements and the trends, the trends that are going on, and the specific instructions will be sent to you by the personal coach. Okay. So I thank you for this meeting. And I think we have a lunch break now. That's good. So that's a good thing. I'm not allowed to talk about it. Thank you. Okay. Okay.