 If you saved that, not yet. Okay, so now, last time, can you move it to bed then? One time please. So I'm still the secretary. So I asked you to presentate the prototype. One of your YouTube? Okay. Now this, you mean this prototype? Yes, well, this is it. Thank you. It's yellow. And this is rubber. And this too. The sides, yes, and the rest is hard plastic. And we had a new idea that this can be turned inside and then it covers these buttons. Okay. You can still use the power button and the mute and the joystick. So you can still operate all the things because you don't always use the menu and then it can break. Okay. And the buttons? Well, big, big buttons and everything is blue except the power button and the mute. Of the other button. Yeah, channel higher, channel button. And the joystick is for the, for you and the channels. Yes, yes, that's very obvious. Oppers channel up, down channel down to the right is volume up to the left is volume down. Yeah. Okay, so if joystick and LCD, what's the, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I should use the, the, the company. Yeah. Okay. Logo. Very good. So yeah, we'll put a, yes. That's about here. So what I say on the side is put a fashion there. Yes. It's a good. Oh. So, that's it. Let's prototype. Now the finance We don't know if it's okay, so We have to change the order Are we going to finance this if we elevate it first now first? Yes, we have to evaluate the project. Sorry, that's We're gonna do the affiliation now together that I have Introduction now it works so it will come up Yeah, well we I have Think a few inflation materials based on our marketing strategy on Blade strength on user pre-ferences We have a seven point scale from two is one to false seven and on base of each Criteria we need to give a rating We can not look like this, but we're gonna Do it here it is that so hope I found out how to do it with a weird document Okay, yeah And well you have to wait document Criteria you so we open up a blank here Think I can Well, this is just an example so it is not very important, but if I can Get a number wing here Well, okay, we get together Okay So you have to think of it as a do you more control is definitely Technologically innovative And then we have to agree on the waiting together and in the end we will count an average of All waiting prefers on each item What do you think I think it's Well technology using it's not it doesn't contain many new features only to LCD so I Think I will give it Yeah a four I think I think the scroll button is something also new with not a lot a lot of remote controls have I think Technologically I will give it in Seven six six six six. I think you see it when its statement And you say I'll tell you false. I'll give it a two. Yeah, sorry You three Me too, so it's a tree Okay These are one first item Okay, the second item this product is for all sorts of customers Well, it's a statement which I disagree with because we really aim at at young market And I think the way it looks totally in yellow. It's not really aimed for all customers. It doesn't look like that So it's a that's a six five Four It's for the Young work group Yeah, half half of the people So I think it's for yeah, I mean it still has large buttons and not many buttons I mean the colors are for young people but I think for Maybe first in three point Okay, give it a four four Okay You put the fashion electronics that's the motto of our company Yeah, well do we do this with this product? I Yeah, I think if we do this as it's It really orientates on the design So I would give that to Me too or two because only the battery is not The Taking a technical logically high standard but the rest of it is so I think it too Yes, too I say a five it's not fashion is new It must be a fashion But it isn't it will be fashion. Yes If it's not a fashion We can put it in it so it must be a fashion I think five Then make it the three yes, okay, I use my feet We'll wait outside And we okay The next element is the product looks good Well personally I do not prefer remote controllers fully in yellow, so I would give this a five I Give it a one. Yeah Yes a one I like it I say three so counting ten two and a half You have to do have a Say to two or three to two okay Next statement it has not too much buttons I have said it is not because a lower number is better and in the end we calculate an average So that's why it's a negative in it Now this one of our aims to not have too much better so did we do that well if we go to This fashion I we still have of course there are a lot of beds for the numbers You can you can go for that and That way you don't have a lot of business over So I would give this a two one You one me two one one Next six It does not get lost easily. Yeah, did we implement the sound? Yes Small thing No, we did not So But can it get lost if it's such a thing? Yeah, I don't think so yellow looks like a pistol not a normal shape So it won't get between the pillows and the car look at loss so don't one Yeah, okay one one next Okay Well, we aim for the younger market Did we achieve that I think with the way it looks and T designed I Will give it a two Me too that was our There's a fancy look and feel Yes, that was one of the most important things that Trent which state I didn't say to my presentation But well, there's death that I Would say yes, so I also give this a two I Give this a one because after rubber feels soft It looks like a bit like a joystick. It's yeah, very fancy it trendy Okay Yes, one I said to It was a bit personal It's fancy so I think two is better. Yeah, okay, okay two is okay yes, and Then the last one I could think of it goes with the latest twins No, it's new innovation If we looked at the latest trends for the younger people and they had food and vegetables well it has a Nice color more compared to food, but we didn't We didn't paint any food and vegetable only for something like that. I would did not give this I wanted to I Will go for three I Go for two because The the shapes are still around The latest trends are soft things like I said in my presentation The colors are Basic like yellow red blue something what also younger people want. It's also a trend so I give the two Okay Three me two or three Three Okay, so Come back to the presentation now So we finally chef there and now we have to calculate an effort waiting 21 so 2 and 3 night 2 and 1 third 2 Yeah Okay So that's a pretty low rating I think So it's good so according to our only filration we did a good job Okay, thank you Yes Okay, I show mine Which was the last for you and reading? Yep Next please So now we have a project very happy, but it's a cheap enough So So For look we have a battery one battery Cheapest areas, okay one battery Electronics at funds chip Expensive yeah, it's the most advanced chip on print We have that one It's most simple regular advanced it fonts we have to add fun Okay, so incur the flat no single curved or double curved we have double curved Then we have plastic Wood rubber with we have half rubber half plastic Titanium special color Yes hello Interface push button Scroll integrated scroll will push button or LCD display So we have LCD We have two scroll wheels Oh one one one and it's not joystick thing Now Bottom supplement special color we already Are it's from the for the buttons the buttons are regular color. Yeah So then We're not gonna make it Too expensive So What changed what are the costs? 15 euros 15 yeah when we lose one scroll wheel, it's okay Because we can't lose the battery we can't lose that funds chip we can lose the double curve We have a rubber we will have special color a Special color I don't think it's a very special color Sorry yellow is it a special color for our milk at all For a milk at all I think it is If you would have normal buttons instead of to joystick Down right then we lose Two euros they have 30 years half a year to match exactly the special And what if we use only one sort of Just only plastic or only rubber that's one euro one euro discount I think we have to keep the LCD if If we change the Joist the joystick thing into button up button down button right button left Then it's Only 13 euros and then we'll lose 50 cent in what Yeah, yeah, I have to cut this off Then it's not good anymore No, wait, okay, have a look And if you say it's just a normal color it's a normal color Yeah normal color and the Joystick away and put button up button down right left And it's 12 euros I think it's maximum But if you lose the joystick still an advanced chip No Regular White white white that far tip was for the LCD was it yeah, oh yeah So that's fun LCD and the regular for the joystick And what if you lose the LCD if you lose the LCD then we have a regular chip and now LCD Is it a good design? Yeah, then you have to see the menu on the television And you don't have LCD So the TV test after we up to date if we have the no buttons If you have not the joystick but buttons we will have we had 13 euros Yes, and then we move the color. Yeah, we'll tell me then it's okay. Oh, I don't know that Okay, so no joystick. Oh, no between let me get push buttons from half a year and then it's 12 year 50 then it's okay No joystick push buttons no special color 12 and a half year was Then it's okay, so we have to change that a little bit And you cannot use the red and green button because if you give them a color You have to pay Point to yours So all the buttons have to have to be the same color yes, but then the print on it will Change it to make it For everybody to see what button it is Recognizable Yeah, so, huh, okay, okay So well Well Now I have to change that but it's okay What's normal color? Oh, well, that's clear And And Sure And the joystick away And its buttons Yeah, but then it will be Just that one So we waited at the very good Now project evaluation well, what do you think of it? About the project process one good I Think the creativity was good enough we have a gun stand up a remote control Leadership behind you were the project manager and had the final vote so that was clear Teamwork, okay everybody has something to say about it And Only the the drawing was very difficult New ideas found Nope, okay Now all the same I especially like the means the smartboard and Yeah It brings up new ideas when you work with it Yeah, I think you have to compare it to if you would have normal Normal posture with our laptops And without these devices I think Well laptops if you have now fun of New Year's sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation Well the downward very can draw things but it's not really going very confident Maybe it will be easy if you have a smaller money tour air and you will also see there with a normal mouse And the process yeah, I agree on what was said mainly Yeah, which always have that some people are talking more than others And maybe it's then the task of the the project manager to also ask more to the people less talking To tell their opinion Okay Well What do I have to say I think that's good not too many discussions So no it's good for the speed So I think we're already good price Federation ready ready Beer That's it yeah, okay, okay now Oh Oh And Again Okay, okay Oh good luck with the final questionnaire you too Oh