 Good morning. Good morning. I see you all find your places. Everybody sitting on the right place. I guess so. Let's see. First I'll introduce myself. I don't know if everybody knows me. I'm Bart. Hello. Hello. Bart. Hello. Hey, Bart. Welcome. Thank you. Let's see. Let's start off with a little presentation. First I'll tell you a little bit about the setting. You can see a few cameras here. They'll record our actions. And you'll have wires and microphones. They will record your voice. There are also some microphones there. But you don't have to pay a lot of attention on those because it will disappear when you don't intend to do it. So this is our project documents folder. There are some notes in it already. I see some documents. I'll start with the presentation kick off. I'm being modified by the administrator. Let's do it redonely. Well, I don't know if you've noticed, but we're working for real reaction. It's a company in electronics. We put fashion in electronics. We make it work. We put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself. We put it in the project manager. So I'll direct you through the project. This is our agenda. We have our opening of Queensland's tool training project plan discussion closing. Maybe I can sit down. Then I can take some notes. Let's see. Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while. I don't know if it's not a lot of work. If you hear something, you can write it down. You can see it's the opening of Queensland's tools. Queensland's is the point we've done a bit. Have you all seen the corporate website already? Have you seen any flaws in it? I think I found one. I paid much attention to it. I see if it works. No problem. On the corporate information side, there was real remote instead of real reaction. Oh, yeah. Real remote is not really the company we are, but it's just a little. Okay. What are we going to do? Our project aim is, as you can see, a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. So these are the points we also hired you. We've got the marketing expert for the trendy and user-friendly look. And in this real designer, there's also user-friendly and a bit original. And we've got our user interface designer. That's about the new remote control. Our project method is, there are three phases we're going through. The first is functional design, individual work meetings. After the functional design, then the conceptual design and the detailed design, I had some role indications on here. But I think you know it already by yourself. The industrial designer is going to work on the working design, the components design, and a bit of the look and feel design. The user interface designer is going to do the technical function design, user interface concept, and user interface design. And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirements, specification, trend watching, and product evaluation. So that's a bit what you're going to do. That will be all worked out in other meetings. Then we've got our first tool training. We're going to work with a lot of high-tech tools here. So it's handy if we have a little bit of training first. As you can see, we've got the smart boards here and here, and the white boards. In the whiteboard here, there's a little toolbar on this side. Here are some functions. You can save these functions. We don't have anything to do with. Only undo. You can undo a little piece of drawing, a blank new document for each person, select a pen, razor, capture redone, they have to do anything with. Then we've got our pen, this pen. It's really funny because you can draw with it on this page. In the thing, it is formal. You can also select the current color and the line width. With that first, you have to select the pen function. But we're going to work with it in a minute. That's very simple and it's easy to draw your findings and drawings in there. Then a short thing about documents. We've got our shared folder, project document, I think. But all of you have all found it already because there are a lot of documents in it already, and these are available on the smartboards as well. If you have a document you want to show, just open it from the folder. Here is the simple toolbar. It's what I just said, it's safe, print, move back or forward one page. You can switch between the different drawings. Then we're going to try out the whiteboard. As you can see, we're going to draw an animal. Just to get a bit familiar with it. I'm not supposed to run away. Is anybody playing with the mouse? We're going to draw an animal. Just sum up a few of its favorite characteristics. The only thing we have to look after is that we use different colors and different line with this. I can start from there. You can use this pen by holding it like a little child because if you hold it like this, the sensors will get blocked and the drawing won't get good. Another thing is you have to be a bit slow because if you're going to draw it really fast, then the pen won't hold up. We choose four month. Current color, I think gray is appropriate. Then the line width, I think seven will be nice. Now you'll see my drawing capabilities. It means another very much. You have to do it real slow. I'm trying to draw a dolphin. I'm thinking about a short fish. We've got another function. You can do this easily. I've got to write down a few of its characteristics. You've got no text tool? This is typically a new action. Maybe I have to hold it a bit upside down. I think that's it because if you want to do it like this, it will be a stripe. I don't know. This is not my work. I think it wants to draw another animal. It lives for the fin. It's my characteristic about the dolphin. Now I'm going to hand over the pen on a new blank sheet to you. I'm going to draw a black. I'm not an artist, but here we go. It's easier to draw with a smaller line. I did. I'm not an artist. Okay, this is my, um, cheap. It's nice with, of course. Blue dot they always get sprayed on their butts. It's a real dead sheep. Yeah, recognition. Maybe you can also write your name somewhere. They are. Come on. Let's go really slow when you're writing. Yeah. They're brilliant animals. And that's just a little me thing. So, I guess I'll pass the pen to her. Okay, let's use her interface. I'm just going to add her to her head. Let's see. Yeah. Okay. Sweet. You know what other it is? Garfule. Yeah. So, I'll just try something else. Something different than Garfule. I'm a little bit more skinny. This is your kid. Did you find him on the street? Well, it's supposed to be a cat. I like cats because they are, uh, independent. So, okay. That's pretty clear. So, everybody knows how to work with the whiteboard now. So, if you have any ideas or if you want to draw anything on the whiteboard, you can go ahead. We're being home. So, we've got the tool introduction. Move along to the project finance. As you can see, we, for a remote control, selling price is 25 euros, our selling price. Our profit aim is 50 million euros. That's the least we have to get from our remote controls. So, we have to work together to reach our aims. We can do it international. So, we have to focus on different kind of users, different kind of cultures and different kind of trends as well. But that's all in the later stadium. Our production cost, um, can be maximal 12 and a half euros. So, that's also a point we have to keep in mind that we won't make remote controls with small televisions inside and stuff like that. So, we're going to do a little bit of work. So, just try to remember these points. Selling price is 25 profit aims, 50 million, but more important is the international market we're trying to focus on. And production costs maximal 12 and a half euros. So, that leads us to our little discussion. So, I'm going to sit down and think. It's easier. I've got a message. Five minutes. Okay, that's a good timing. So, just on the side now, why is it my laptop is only giving me a black screen? Maybe you have to say the magic word. Yeah. Right. Does it do anything? No. Maybe you have to just clap it down. Back up again. It's off. It's off. I have to put it back. Yeah. It'll be okay. Well, it was on. Yeah. It's those laptops. Oh, there we are. Nice. Okay. But does everybody else experience this with remote controls? I mean, not the ordinary remote controls, but also a little bit different ones. Like you can use for other. No, really. Yeah. Well, we're not here. Kind of brought TV at home and a DVD player. So, we've got a lot of remote controls. One for the TV, one for the video recorder, one for the DVD player. Yeah. And I think it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate the mall. Yeah. Yeah. I've got one at home. You can program, I think, eight different devices in it. And you can use it for your television. Okay. Anything else. And it also operates on infrared. So, you've got a little device inside your room. And then you can operate it from the third or the second floor. Oh, really? So, that's pretty handy when you have a video recorder or DVD player downstairs. And you've got a link to your TV on the second floor. Yeah. So, that's a pretty handy thing. But only the, I think, if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control, it makes it a lot easier as well. It's good to remember. So, I think you can take minutes again. Yeah. It's nice. Thank you. So, we want different functions. Yeah. And we can maybe see if we can do something with infrared. But I don't know if that will exceed the production costs. So, that's something we have to find out, I think. Yeah. But that would be really good if we could do that. And other functions for remote control. Maybe we can make it, I think it has to be shockproof. Sure. It has shockproof. My remote control tends to fall a lot. So, I would, I mean, yeah. What a proof. Okay. So, a few things we can think of. I will put the minutes from this meeting in our project folder. Yeah. One other little thing. I thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it. So, you can see that it stays. Okay. How much is left in the battery? But they'll also really drag up the production costs. Yeah. But maybe just a little led. That's an idea as well. Other ideas? Quick ideas. Nope. They were all mentioned. Okay. Any questions about this presentation? Kick off presentation. Nope. I don't think so. Okay. Then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder. And then we can all work. Finish meeting now. Okay. Okay. We can all work on our own projects. Okay. Then I'll meet you in about half an hour, I think. Okay. So, good luck. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.