 On the road turn on We're getting by now I can unexplainable This place seems to be different If we Laf Quadretta happened Good morning Good morning. Thank you, I have you a chip over there man. Cotto? I have some sushi. Yeah, its 1977. Sh Good morning. I'd like to welcome you to our first meeting. I've prepared a little presentation. My name is Marim Plonf and I hope you will introduce yourself in a few minutes as well. I'm the project manager of this project and well I will tell you fur on what actually is the project. This is the agenda for our first meeting. This is the opening. Then we will get, I will hope we will get acquainted with each other. We'll do a little tool training with these two things. We'll take a look at the project plan. There will be time for discussion. Actually we have to discuss because we have to create a product and then we will close this session. First of all, I'd like to introduce you to this room. As you probably have noticed there are little black fields on the table. You have to put your laptop exactly in that field so the little cameras can see your face. There are cameras everywhere around the room especially here for your face. This isn't a pie. It's a set of microphones and there are microphones here also. Please don't be afraid of them. They won't hurt you. I'm the project manager and I'm hoping for a good project. I'd like to hear who you are and what your functions are on this project. Let's start with the ladies. I'm Imkriel and my function is user interface design. I'm a industrial designer and I hope to look forward to a very pleasing end of this project. My name is Danny Magrale. I'm a marketing expert. My job is in the company to promote products to the customers. I also hope we have a pleasant work with each other. We have some expertise from different pieces of the company. That's good. As said, we're working on a project and the aim for that project is to create a new remote control which has to be original, trendy and user friendly. I hope we have the expertise to create such a project. The way we hope to achieve that is through the following methods. It consists of three phases, namely the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. As you can see, all of these phases consist of two parts, namely individual work part and a meeting where we will discuss our work so far. But first, I will tell you something about the tools we have here. I already talked about the cameras and microphones, but they are not much use to us. We will have to take advantage of these two things. They are smart boards. As you can see, you can give a presentation on them. This one here is a white board. I will instruct you about that soon. As you also noticed, this presentation document is in our project folder. Every document you put in this folder is possible to show that here in our meeting room. There are available on both smart boards, but I think we will use this one for the document in the shared folder. As you can see, this is the same toolbar as is located here. The most functions we will use will be to add a new page to go back and forward between pages and, of course, to save it every now and then. This is the pen with which you can draw on the board. For instance, like this, everything is OK, but I have to put it on the pen. You can write things like test or whatever you want. As you can see, you have to move it a little bit slow. It is not such a fast board. It is a smart board, but also a slow board. You can write things, and, of course, you can also, when you click here, erase things, so we have asked left. You can also delete an entire page, but we ask you not to do that. Just simply create a new one and start all over because we want to save all the results. Does everyone understand this? You can erase anything. You can erase it with the eraser, but you shouldn't delete an entire page. You can delete a blank one, and I will delete this one now because we don't use it yet. You can, of course, erase when you make a mistake, but don't delete entire pages. Also, let's see, I think it's here, change the color of your pen. For instance, take a blue one and change the line with 5. And that's what you will need for our first exercise because I'm going to ask you to draw your favorite animal. It's also to guess to know each other because I'm asking three things for that drawing. To do it on a blank sheet with different colors, and I just showed you how to pick a color, and also with different pen widths, which I also showed you. And favorite characteristic can be just one word. Well, I'm not very good at drawing, but I will go first and try to draw. Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing. It's a sheep. It's a silver. A silver. A beaver. Well, it's weird. It could be everything. Maybe when I put on this thing, it could be a turtle snail. Or a snail. But the snail doesn't have legs. The turtle has. And those are slow. And I hope our project group will not be slow, but we will work to a good result and do it as fast as we can. Okay. Time for another animal. Would you like to go next? It was forward. That is so good. Oh. That helps. To make it a little bit easier. It's not that cute. Or a dinosaur. Okay. I think it's easy to recognize. Yeah. The favorite characteristic is the long neck. It can reach everything. I can also reach a lot with this project. That's my favorite animal. Anything else you need to know? I can draw with this. Wow. It's a mouse. Okay. You can guess what it is, I hope. It's a rabbit. Well, it's a quick, I guess. That's my favorite animal. Thank you. Okay. I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence, one of the most intelligent animals in our world. I can see we have some drawing sounds. Well, nice animals, nice words. Sounds good. Back to business, back to the money part. From the finance department, I've learned that we are aiming for a selling price of 25 euros and we're hoping for a aim of 50 million euros and we're hoping to achieve that by aiming for an international market. And the production costs will be 12 euro 50 max. Okay, well, it's time for some discussion. I've wrote down some examples here of what we can speak about, what's your experience with remote controls, what kind of ideas do you have to design a new remote control, maybe, for which market segments should be aimed or should be aimed for all segments. Well, actually, I'd like to hand the word back to you. What's your experience with remote control? A lot of buttons. Which you don't use. Complex. Complex. Not user friendly. You search for the buttons, which ones which. Boring. Boring. It's not fun to use in remote. Black or black. So, black colors. Yeah. Or maybe we should try to make it fun. We use batteries and last batteries and poor signal. The angle is to use. Different remote control. Different remote control. Different remote control. We can integrate them or something. For the use of different devices. Your stereo and your TV and the... That's nice. Yeah, but then again, you still have a lot of buttons. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, but I think there's a possibility to put those buttons behind some kind of protection. So, if you only get serum when you need them. Yeah, okay. It's possible. So, do you only get... No, no, no, no. You just keep it tomorrow. For example, you get the same size remote control you use every day. And the usual buttons such as zapping, which is called a Dutch. And the following is the only possible buttons to use directly. Or the numbers. And the numbers, of course. But not the buttons used to search on the channels on your television. You're going to use those the first time. Play-balls. So, maybe a minimalist design. Yeah, I think so. Of buttons. But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it. That's a... Thanks for a... Tailor text. I don't know that. That's a name. Tailor text. Thanks. Okay. So, you don't want to bother people with loads of buttons, but on the other hand, they need many buttons, so they don't have to get out of their seat. Yeah. I think the market will be all kinds of people. All of the young people. But if it's international, you should look in Britain, they have different things they can do with TV. Or so that you can choose what you want to see. I don't know if you should take that into consideration. It just should aim for the normal TV. Yeah, I think that's better. I think if you're going to target a lot of people in the whole world and only Britain, then I think the cost will rise higher than 1250, I think. Yeah, I don't know if the... It was better to use the whole world in Britain. Yeah. No, it could be... I think the main idea of this remote control is to make it user-friendly. So I think when the customers will buy this remote control, they already have the remote control, which companies... With the standard remote control, which comes with the television. So it only has to have the most used buttons. You don't have to integrate the buttons to search the channels on your television in those... Oh, but then you have to find your other remote control... Yeah. Yeah, but it's impossible to accommodate all the buttons on the different televisions set on one remote control. It's impossible. For example, Sony Television has the opportunity to make possible for it to see on one side of the screen, teletext, on the other side, just a regular television. I think most television nowadays do this. Yeah, but they don't use the same signal on remote control, because you can use a Panasonic remote control on a phillips television. Yeah, but then you have to choose the... It's always a universal control mode. You have to choose the code. I'm choosing the code. I guess which type of television you have. There's no problem. I think the two pages on the same screen, like teletext and normal television, that's nowadays standard. I think most people... People will buy their remote control because they lost the first one. The first one is broken, so... Perhaps they haven't got an older television, so that option is not... Yeah, definitely optional for those people. Then people have a new television, and if you look into the future, then they want to... It's very beautiful. So we should take that in consideration. Mm-hmm. Okay, well, any more ideas? No. No. No, I think they'll come up. Yeah. Okay, well, we have some time. Let's see. One more I have to tell. I don't think there's much left. Nope, we're starting to close. Our next meeting will start a little bit early, but our next meeting will start in 30 minutes. In the meantime, there's time for some individual actions. As you can see, the different roles have different tasks. And there's a ping. Is it my laptop? Yep. Stop the meeting. Oh, the meeting will come up in five minutes. Five minutes in the meeting, so we're right on schedule. The marketing expert will take a look at the user requirements specification. The user interface designer will work out the technical functions design. And this was the interface designer or the interaction designer? No, interface designer. Okay, first guess was right. We'll take a look at the working design. No, the industrial designer will take a look at the working design. Any usability interaction? Industrial design. Okay. Okay. Let's just use the acronyms. And of course, specific restrictions will be sent to you for your personal coach. So I should look at what you should be able to do with your mouse or how? Well, those instructions will be in the email you will receive shortly, I hope. Me too. And of course, you have your own expertise. Well, that was what I had to say. Are there any more questions? No. No? Okay. Well, I think then we have to head back to our offices and start working. I have a more question. One question? Where does it says we have to make a remote because I pursued. Okay, go. I didn't know who. Okay, no problem. I don't know. I don't know. I'll expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive shortly. Okay. Well, I'll see you all in about 30 minutes then. Okay. Yeah. Good. That's very bad. Yeah. I can't do this, but I should do it. I need to. Okay.