 Hello. Good afternoon. Sorry I'm a little late. Oh, probably. It got stuck in the traffic. It's possible this time of day. It starts at 3 o'clock. Yeah. Let me see. Our fourth and last meeting. There he is. Yes. Okay, this is our last meeting. In this meeting we will discuss our final design. And we will do some evaluation about not only the product, but also the project. And then we're going to close the project today as well. So, after that you'll be free to go and spend all your money. This design, detailed design meeting, we will discuss the look and feel of the design, the usability interface design, and we will do the product evaluation. In order to do that we have this agenda. We will have the prototype presentation first. Then we will set up some evaluation criteria. Then we will look at the finance. We will have to see if everything we want to do is also possible within our budget. Because everything costs money and the more functions you want to have, the more money it will cost. So, we will see if it fits within the 12 and a half euro per remote. We will see that later. Then we will do the project evaluation and the closing after that. We've got 40 minutes. So, we will be finished at half past three. But first we will do the prototype presentation. So, if somebody wants to sit forward. Well, this is what me and Richard came up with. The default spot for the on-off button, the mute button just below that. Then there's the volume and channel selectors. Simple plus minus button. We thought of a help button. If you hold it and you press another button, the help goes to the LCD screen. Then there's the 0 to 1 to 0 buttons, a button for teletext, a button for the subtitles and the company logo. So, it's rather simple prototype. We'll have to see from testing how do users take it. Okay. Is this a moment where we can ask questions about the functionality? Sure. Just pop in at any time. When you're in teletext, usually your buttons where you just press it and you go to the next teletext page. That's just the normal, as the normal remote controls. So, you press it, you come in page 100. You can use the normal 1 to 0 buttons. You can also use the button for changing the channel, so the shifting button. For shifting up in the teletext and shifting down. Okay. I thought in a few meetings earlier, we tried to give it simple. Just a few buttons and large buttons. But I think these are all together. Quite a few buttons. I'm wondering if we really need all of those buttons. I think if you look at most controls, they've got more buttons than this. And, well, the on-off button, it's a necessity. You can't drop that one. The volume and channel buttons, you obviously need those. The mute button could be replaced by pressing the volume down button twice. So, we could cancel that one. I think the help button really is necessary because there's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does. Or you can build in when you press one button. Long time. Yeah. We just discussed that already. But we think all people don't know that option. They just put in a press button. Yeah. Okay. Well, you can't leave out the number buttons, I guess. Yeah. And it takes some subtitles. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's rather basic already. Yeah. I think so. That's what I pointed out earlier. You just make a control for just the TV. There's just not much to gain here. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, somebody, but, you can do something about the design of the buttons there. Yeah. It's not a lot of hard to draw on the whiteboard, but they're supposed to be equal sized round with a little logo on it for the volume, the dry angle and stuff. Just for recognition. Yeah. And we don't need a letter or... No. Yeah. So, because we use the little display, we don't have to use it. Yeah. Okay. So, and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons with a different color than the case, so they jump out. Okay. That's about it. That's nice. Then, because we only have 30 minutes left. I will move on to the finance part, which is pretty exciting to see if it's all possible what we want to do. And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for 12 and half euros. If we see... I don't know if I'm filming correctly, so just correct me if you see something wrong. I counted two batteries, but maybe we can also use one. I don't know if it's possible. It's rechargeable. It's rechargeable. That's right. Okay. That's two euros off. We need the advanced chip, so there's not much to say there. Here we have the single curve. We can see that the difference between N-curved and the single curve is one euro. I don't know, but I think the single curve is good for the design and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control. I think we have to keep that. Then we have the case material supplements. It's plastic. It's the cheapest one we need. That's not much to say either. The biggest cost are the buttons. Maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to keep our cost though, because we will have to get 12 and half euros at the end. Let's first count the buttons we have now, because I'm 16. That will be even more than 18 euros. So 17. Okay, including the help? Yeah, 17. I think we can discard the help and the mute button by pressing down volume long or pressing down a number. Long. That saves us one euro already. Then we have got 15, I think. Yeah. 15. And this is... I assume you count the volume and channel things for two buttons each, right? Those are one, I think. I think actually there are two buttons. It's just one bit. Two, one big button, but they are more expensive than the small ones I hear. Yeah, but it's not stated in this class. Maybe we can even make one button with the volume and the channel in one by pressing... Well, I'm thinking maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button. That's a possibility as well. That would cut the cost. So, and it's good for the design as well, so you can make... Let's see. Like this. Looks a bit like a... A cross. Min? But I don't know if it's here. Yeah, I still got four buttons, but just... So... Yeah, I think they count the materials. Not a better one, itself, but... On the chip there. Yeah, on the chip you got still four as well. That's right. But I think because we have the other ones, chip, we can just count this as one button. But now, but I think... I think this really is four buttons, anyhow. Yes. Yeah. Maybe it is, but then it seems to me that it's impossible to get the 12 and a half euros. Also, the LC display. I think it's too expensive for the display we use. I think they try... If we leave out the display, we can also save money on the chip. That's right, but what's the biggest advantage of our remote then? Only the docking station, I guess? Yeah. The docking station isn't even in this schematic. No, it's not even taking into the price. That's extra. That's right. Maybe we should move to a different supplier. That's an option. Poland, something. Polish, a player. Don't you think we can... If we can count this as one button and integrate these buttons in three, then we save a lot of money as well. We could save money on it, but would it make the remote more usable for elderly people? Yeah, that's what I'm wondering. My motor can't even send an SMS message. Yeah. That's a point. We kind of buy a remote control when you can use it. We missed... Stay below 1250 or... Yeah. Can't... No. Well, since the market research indicated that older people spend their money easier, more easy, maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little, especially since we have those nice features. Yeah, but we have to stick to the 12 and a half years. We don't have any more budget to the market. It's possible to make one for 1250. I don't think so. And if you leave out the LC display and if you use less buttons, say... You can't use the single chip. There it is. Do you want to make a... So fancy and... Quick looking. Yeah, objective option. So you can stay below 1250. I think it's difficult as well. Basically becoming a choice between either a good remote and a higher production cost and just any other remote control. Or we can leave out the 10 buttons and take one scroll wheel for the program numbers. That was one. Because then we save 10 buttons and we have five and one. And let's see if we have this one and we've got the other ones. We're getting closer. But how would the scroll wheel work here? Then you will... Maybe you can... If you scroll, you will see the numbers on the LCD display. Until you've got the right number and then you push it. That would bring up the price of the scroll wheel also. Alright, so you scroll and push. But then you can push some other buttons as well. You could just not scroll for half a second. Yeah, so if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second, then it turns to that channel. I think that would be the end of our usability. It would definitely drop cost a lot. And we need battery. And the regular chip is not possible. It has to be advanced. If you want to use an LCD screen, you need an advanced chip. Now we can save a euro by a flat design. That's an option we can... Then we're almost there. If you could just leave out one more button. Or we have to skip the subtitle button. But I think that is a big advantage for us. But can we integrate the data text and the subtitles in one button? I think so. If you push it three times. The teletext subtitles are right now. You just push the teletext button. Go to page 888. And the teletext disappears. But the subtitles stay there. But if you push the data twice. What if you have to scroll to page 888? That could be like the scroll to page 8. Scroll to page 8. But then again, there would be just an option for older people. You don't even know what a scroll wheel is. Holding a remote with the respect to have 10 buttons for the numbers 1 to 0. There are only 5 buttons on it. And a scroll wheel. I think if you make a good advertisement on television and in the guide, you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel. You can just make it real simple. It saves a lot of money and we can keep our LCD screen which can provide extra information how to use the scroll wheel, how to use the other buttons as subtitles. And it's good for the innovative design as well. If you would erase these. If you would erase them. If you would put the... It looks a bit odd maybe. It's a pretty big scroll wheel. Something like that. Then you've got the scroll wheel. If you erase this one. And these are two buttons then. You could make two buttons out of that and just if you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll wheel. So that would save two buttons if you do the same for the channel. That's really a good idea I think. And that will make the use of the scroll wheel more obvious. So we make one for the volume, one for the channel. So if we've got one, two, three. If we leave out all those buttons perhaps you can go with the flat case and make it smaller overall. So if you put the volume and channel buttons on the same height as the enough button, the screen right under that then the scroll button. You get a much smaller remote. So you can decrease this one to four buttons. You can make a big remote control for just the same price as a small one. You have to pay for the double curved or single curved. It's more the moles in which they are being made I think single curved is really easy to fill in and cases come right out of the machine and single curves you have to have a different machine than a flat one. I think this is a really easy one. Does everybody think about the flat or single curved design? I still think we should go for the single curved design. Rich at argument was very good. Since we have to cut costs. I'm agreeing with the use of research and see what the options are. I think we can keep the single curved one just to express our LCD screen a bit more. So people will use it more and especially for the help functions will be good if we have scroll button. It's necessary to have a good help function as well. I think it was better to have this price this bit earlier before we went on to the whole design. But I'm glad we could make a bit. That's pretty different. This is not really like for the group we were making or remote. This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell. If other people like familiar firms and familiar stuff, this is not familiar for them. No, but I think they have to do a lot of convincing them. I think the most, but they know the scroll buttons from old radio. They also have buttons like that for changing. We can stick it out. It's like an old button. Maybe that's recognizable for them as well. That's a good one. So I'm afraid we have to move on. It's less frightening, I think, if they see this design, they think there are only five buttons. It might be confusing too. That's very special. I would buy it. Yeah, but you're not 60. I would buy it if I was 60. No, I didn't know. Articos and the 12 and 12 euros? No. Yes, they are. No, but we can go on with the project evaluation. Let's see. I can sit down. I think we still have 15 minutes left, so nice on schedule. The project process. So I like to set up all these criteria. Evaluation criteria. That's right. That was the point I forgot. There we are. Evaluation criteria. Thank you. Go ahead. We've got five minutes, I think. Five more minutes? No, we've got 15 minutes, but okay. Yes. Okay, so I did some literature study, analysis of the requirements we set up earlier. Translated it into criteria, which would be these. It's a remote fancy, a shaped look and feel. Innovative, what new functions are there. Easy to use. Is it functional? Are there not too many functions? Those functions are there useful? The cost. The target group is the remote really for the group we're making it for. And great cognitive ability. If our company is easily recognizable, their company made it. So we're supposed to evaluate it right now. Okay. Let's see. It's hard because the minutes of our last meeting were not here. That's because my pen failed to upload his data. Okay. I tried to, but it's giving errors by downloading software. Okay. It's the design fancy on a scale of one to seven. I think it's fancy. Six. Good. Is the design innovative? Very. So with our LCD- Set that up station. Let's go to buttons. Yeah. Seven. Seven? Yeah. So we've got 20 cents for our docking station. Should be dual. Yeah. Is the design easy to use? Yeah. It's a bit dodgy. Well, would be for us, but for all of the... I would say four or five. Four or five. It's between four. I'd go for four or two. Is it functional? Is the design functional? Do we have all functions that we want to include? Yes. I think we do. Do we have too many functions? No. I think so. It's pretty slow. I think it's seven. Seven. Oh, and do we take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control, like it getting lost? And... Oh, sorry. I haven't thought of that one. It was... I think we do. I had them work there. They are ugly, not very functional, and getting lost. Are the production costs within the preset limits? Well, they are now. Yeah. Does the design fit the group of focus? I think that's a free. Yeah. I think with a new radio button, I think it's better. We have to test this. Oh, no. I still... I think it's too fancy to fleshy. I think your button is not exactly what older people expect of remote control. Yeah. True. I will give you the four. I'm not sure. I think I'd go for two. I'd go for three. So... I think I'll do three. Is the company recognizable? Yes, it is. Or is it the logo there? Yeah. So... And they want to put fashion in their products in the slogan of the company. We have the removable front cases. Yeah. So... I think it's very recognizable. Yep. So, that would be this. I was also supposed to calculate the score, but thought we would have another private... We've got the company after this. Is this... Like after this? Are we done? We've got to evaluate it. Anyhow, these are seven factors. Time seven is forty... Something? Two? No. Nine? No, 49. Minus one. Minus three, minus four. Minus four. It will be minus eight. Forty-one, out of forty-nine. That's... I'm around eighty percent. I guess I'll just type that in on the bottom here. That's eighty-four percent. I think that's a pretty nice score. So that would be the evaluation. Okay, thank you. So that brings us to the project evaluation. Yep. Thank you. Project process. Did we move through the right faces, you think, along the process? Yes. I think we should have the finance thing a lot earlier. That's right. In the design phase. So a lack of information about prices. Yeah. That's true. Okay. Okay. Okay. So that's the evaluation. Was there room for creativity? No. No. Not too much. No. It's because of the finance sheet. Yeah. It wasn't enough room, but the finance. The room was... Yeah. And I would have liked to go for the younger users also. But I was able to access internet and get something of your own. Strictions. Internet access. Okay. Leadership. Was it clear what everybody had to do? According to their roles and functions. Yes. Teamwork. Did it work out? Working together. Also, you too, here with the... Yeah, it was okay. Last phase. Nice. The tasks are very strictured, so you can just do step by step. It was very easy. Strictions. Okay. Where the means efficient for the tasks we had to do? Or where they... Too much. Well, the smart board, the drawing is just a pain in the ass, but... Smart board. The digital pen is very nice. If it wants to download this, very data. Smart board was irritating. So you rather wanted to have a flip over or something else? A flip over or a more precise... Faster as well. Yes. Yeah. Flip over. But if you want to share of when you make a picture like this on the presentation, it's easier to share it with other people. So you can save it and put it on the internet or... In shared folder or shared. Yeah, I tried to open the file on my laptop, but... No, it didn't work. No, you need the smart board application, I think. But I think you can... Yeah. It should be possible. Yeah, you can export this image. Yeah, it must be. You should have done that, man. So the sharing of information was okay. Turn this here. Yeah, it's working. Yeah, it's been in here on the table. Yeah. Yeah, it's possible. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's nice. We've found new IDs for having this kind of meeting. So... Yeah, maybe... Just give the numbers of... One of our... Yeah. So it's easier to lose things like that on a computer. Yeah. So it's like a university. Yeah. So everybody puts his own score and then it mediates the score and you can get one. Yeah, that's better. So it's... How do we go? Okay. Any further action? Right, there we are. Okay. Any more ideas or questions about the project or about the product? It goes, I think... Then that's it. Get to our last few articles within the budget. Yeah. Yeah. So we are considering we are not going to make a docking station. That's a good point. But maybe because of the docking station, the price of the remote can also be a little bit higher. Yeah. And I think you can compensate that as well. So I think that shouldn't be the biggest problem because it's very cheap to make as well. Do we think we are going to get 12 and a half million? What was it? 15 million. 15 million. I think we will. If we are going to export this product, it's innovative. Especially in America. People are pretty. Take a dent. Sometimes. Yeah, still nothing. I mean if we are going to make a scroll button anyway, we can do more. You can do more for the younger people and for the older people. Yeah. So maybe we should just refocus. Just put it on the market for everybody. Specifically for everybody. You can change markets by changing the front cover. That's one thing you can change it with. So you can also try to reach the younger people by putting fancy covers on the market. Just as a test. See how it works? That's I think a good advantage. Yeah, I think then it would be way more popular with younger people than it is. Then we would be with older people. Yeah. Even if it were their covers. Then I think we can have our little celebration right now. That's it. I think we still have to fill in one more questionnaire. Okay. I think, I don't know, I didn't get a message from the ending of the... Oh, I think I have one. Five more minutes. Oh, that's nice. Then we still have some questions. If somebody has some questions, they can ask them now. We can put these in the project folder as well. This one. Export it. Picture, I think. Yeah. This is another, that's where I guess. Let's see, project folder. I don't. My documents. Maybe they will save it. I just put it in my documents and that's okay. I think I'm going to make our final presentation now. You're supposed to make it. I will be back in about 10 minutes to show you the final presentation. Okay. Okay. Summary of the project. Are we supposed to go into our rooms again? Maybe we have to fill in our questionnaire. I think you'll get the questionnaire in your room. Yeah. And then I'll meet you in, think about 10 minutes. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Hopefully my panel download is software. Yeah. Or data. That would be nice. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.