 or.... So you found your spots? Yes. Bling, bling. Okay. Alright. Okay. Where's my screen gone? Oh, yeah. You have to talk in English. Yeah. My screen is gone. It's called black. I'm afraid I'm a bit slow for this stuff. I'm afraid I'm a bit too slow. I don't know how much preparation you guys did, but not a lot. You see this beautiful presentation. Yeah. Very nice. Let's get started. Yeah. I sort of prepared this opening acquaintance tool training, how to use the things here. Project plan discussion and the rest of the meeting. We're supposed to develop a new remote control that's both original, trendy and user friendly. So, hope you have good ideas. We work from top to bottom, functional design. Then we do some individual work, and we have a meeting to discuss the results, etc. At the end of the day, we should have a prototype drawn up. We have available the smart board and the white board. We should take some practice. I have some instructions on how to do that. Well, you know how to do documents work. This is for toolbar. You see it next. We have a pen. We can use this pen to perform. Yes. It doesn't always work. Yeah. Okay. So you can draw. In the format menu, you can select color and line with, etc. Okay. Each of you can take some practice and you should draw an animal. You should explain with different colors and with different penoids. You should explain why you draw that particular animal. Don't take up too much space. Different penoids. How do you do that? With format menu. Okay. Use different colors, etc. What's that supposed to be? Should it be one? It's a rough yellow. Can you use one blank sheet for drawing? So we must save it at the end. You can press the next button. In the file option. Okay. I can take forever on this. Don't let's just explain why it chose this animal. I think it's a great animal. It's such a giraffe. It's more like a dinosaur. Okay. It's a nice view. So leave to eat. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Is this part of our introduction? That's the idea. Your line broke. Yeah. I'm guessing a turtle. I say good guess. Why a turtle? Because it's slow. You were slow too. You were slow. You were slow too. You were slow too. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Okay. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You were slow. You were slow too. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. But you get the idea, it's a kid. It's my favorite pet animal, because they're cute, they're independent and cuddly. I don't know. That's it? Or do I need to use more colors? I think it's okay to get the idea. Okay. We have a financial aspect to this project. We can sell them at 25 euros. The aim is to reach to sell as much as 50 million euros. That's quite a big month of money. And the production cost should be the half of the selling price. Okay, now it's time for some discussion. Okay. What do you want to discuss? Yeah. We should get started. I'm taking notes. We each have a specific task, as I saw in my mill. I didn't know if you received the same mill. Yeah, I guess so. This industry, in the steel designer, should produce a working design. Am I correct? Two. The user interface, these are in the shoots, specified technical functions. The marketing expert suits come up with user requirements. Did any of you already do some work on this part? I started making an overview for myself what I had to do, and how I have to do design steps. In every step I have a specific task to perform or whatever. I had to make an overview for myself about what I have to do, and kind of let it work into get ideas about how I have to fill in ideas about. I started with the first phase, I think, was the functional. I had to focus on the working design, which you said, how does the apparatus work? I basically had two points. According to the coffee machine example, I have batteries to supply energy, and we use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the TV. That's basically all I have so far. I got another point, it uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the TV apparatus. So that's very common. I had some buttons for the on and off function, you already told that. And for the changing to all the channels and changing the volume, the basic options for remote control. I have to go to the global, because it activates the interface because I wasn't thinking yet about that. You might want to use the title text also. I don't know what the word is in English. Say my name. What did the marketing expert do? From a marketing perspective, the design phase consists of user requirements. What needs and desires are to be fulfilled. There are a few means to reach that by doing research to see what existing products are out in the market. What functions do they have? Especially what are their shortcomings? Are there any new functions which can be added to our products? Therefore, we have to do some internet search. For what kind of applications do current remote control support and what are features of current and future televisions? So we can see what needs to be supported. We can interview current users and future users. What would they like to see on a new remote control? Especially for future users, I'm thinking of early adopters, because they use new technology first. They play with a lot of tools and stuff. Maybe they have some good ideas to add. You can get that information? I think I can get that information. Have you any ideas so far as what the user requirements are? No, not specifically more to how to get them. I got some requirements. It has to be user friendly. It's really easy to use buttons, not very small buttons, but also big buttons. It has to be small units. You can take it with you everywhere in your house. It has not been gigantic machine. And a good zapping range. What do you mean by that? The distance from your television to your remote control has to be quite a big distance. It has to be capable for a zapping range. From the other end of the room or something? I don't think I have anything more to add at the moment. I think the best is to go to where. Is that you? Any more points to discuss? I think we can go ahead with what we have. We'll summarize the things we discussed and put it in the projects folder. I have used the industrial design and work on the design. It seems you get more information by email. All right. It will fit for me. I'm writing very fast. More you want to add to the discussion. I'm wondering what we will do next. Do we only have to do phase one? Because after that we are going to the conceptual. We're just working in three phases. We have to prepare. I have to defend our designs. I'm going to work on the conceptual design. It's important to know what kind of components we want to put in. Is it going to be a multimedia control center? Do we want to use the video recording with it? That's my question also. New functions. Requirements. Do they want all those functions? We need to do communication about this stuff. I have to put the components into the design. If I don't know what the components are. I think we have first to start with the basic functions. I like some remotes that are out there. There is one button which is very easy to switch between devices. You can switch to your video and then the same button to control your video. Another thing I'll switch to your media center because it's getting very popular. Use your windows media center under your TV with the same remote control. I know what you mean but you need several other buttons for a video player. You need to play fast forward. You don't need that for the TV. For title text. You need additional buttons as well. I kind of need to know what we need. I'll just put my ideas in here. This project is the next. We could just start with the assumption that's only for TV and video. And reserve the possibility to add all the features. So you have a basic starting point and you can always extend that. Make sure it's extendable. It has to be user friendly. It's the least amount of functions possible so it's easier to get to know how it works. I'll see you again when the computer tells us to. Half an hour. You're the dismissed. You're fired. Let's move on. We've got to do. See you later. Good luck. What? Hey.