 Hello. Good morning. Again. Again. Again. Again. Good morning. Again. One question. Yeah. Submit. Okay. All sets. Okay. Let's see what we can find here. Okay. I'm very warm welcome again to everyone. Here we are already in our functional design meeting. And this is what we are going to do. The opening, which we are doing now. And the special note, I'm project manager, but on the meetings, I'm also the secretary, which means I will make minutes as I did as a previous meeting. And I'll also put these as fast as possible in the project requirements. And then of course we have to take a decision on the remote control functions. And we have some more time, 40 minutes, but I think we will need it. Well, I don't know who wants to go first with this presentation. Okay. Okay. Should I go first with the user? I see. Okay. And one question, your name, Denny, is it with a AEA? AEA. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I wanted to explain the work and design of a remote control. It's possibly very handy if you want to design one of those. Well, it basically works as I wrote down in this little summary. When you press a button, that's when you do, for example, when you want to turn up the volume, a little connection is made. The rubber button just presses on a little pin plate, which makes a connection that gives the chips, which is mounted beneath those, that plastic of a rubber button, sends that connection has been made and knows what button you press, for example, the volume up or volume down button. The chip makes Morse code like signal, which then is signaled to several transistors. Which sends the signal to a little lat. You know what a lat is? Okay. And that makes the infrared light signal, which is sent to the television set, which has a sensor in it to send the signal of the infrared. And it's basically how it works. The findings that I found searching up some detail information about remote controls are that they are very easy to produce. This piece is possible to make them a mass production because it is as easy as printing a page, just a fiberglass plate. It's covered with some coatings and chips. And the technology is already available. We don't have to find out how remote controls have to work or how to make some chips that are possible to transmit those signals. I made a little animation about how remote control works. Innovation. There is something turning. Yeah, it's a little bug. It's in the smartboard. Okay. Well, the subcomponent, I suppose, that you understand what the subcomponent is. In this example, it's the button. When it is pressed down, the switch is switched on. So, with the wire, it's sent to the chip in cooperation with the battery, of course, because to make a signal possible, you have to have some sort of electronic infrared light. Yes? Okay. After it's being composed by the chip, the signal is transported to the infrared bulb. And from there, it signals a Morse code-like signal to the bulb in the television set. Okay. I wrote down some personal preferences about the remote control. Of course, it is very handy if the remote control is handheld, so you don't have to wind it up or something. It's very light to use it. I personally prefer that it would become available in various colors. And easy to use buttons, but I suppose that one of the other team members thought of that too. And it is possible for several designs. And easy to use buttons. Perhaps soft touch, touch screen buttons, because the rubber buttons are always... They can be slightly damaged, so the numbers on the buttons are not possible to read anymore. And, well, as I said before, we can make several designs. Okay. Well, that's my contribution to this meeting. Okay. This meeting. Can I go next? Yep. Okay. Please. Okay. So... Spoke it. Well, my name is Imklyong, and I looked at the technical functions design of the remote. I did this by looking at examples of other remote controls, how they look, and information from the web that I found. What I found was that the actual use of remote control is to send messages to the video set, how you... What you described just early. And it can be all sorts of messages, turn it on, turn it off, change the channel, just volume, that kind of thing. Play video text, but also play CD if you use your CD player, the remote controller. That one. There are some examples of remote controls. You can see they are very different. The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need in a lot of buttons, et cetera. And the other is more user-friendly, the little, it's big buttons, and not all the stuff you can do with it, but the essential stuff is there. I guess you could better... you should look at a user-centered approach, because the customers have to use them, and if they don't think it's usable, they won't buy it. A lot of buttons they may think from, I don't meet as much as that. Well, personal preferences is a simple remote with the basic functions that you can need that you could use, and keep in mind the new functions of TV, what we discussed earlier, split screen, and is that a function that you should have, because all the TVs will have them, or because of only a few, and isn't really necessary. And then make it, I would make so that you could use it on more than one appliance. If you have one that does the video, it could also work with the stereo, because play is play and stop, stop, and let's think. You could reuse the buttons so that you don't have to have a lot of buttons for anything. And it should be user-friendly, clear buttons, and not too much. And that's just my presentation. Okay, good. Okay, so, we're going to discuss the functional requirements of the remote. That means that functions users want to have on the remote control, or just, yeah, the users actually. The method I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we're going to focus on more. Are the younger people going to buy remote control, or the elderly people? And that section we're going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section. Okay. Some data. Younger people from 16 to 45 years are more interested in features like LCD screens, speech recognition, etc. And we possess about two-thirds of the market from in that range of age. The elderly people from 45 years to 65 years are not that much interested in features, and we possess less than two-thirds. And that's two-fifth of the market share in that area. Okay, findings. 50% of the users lose their remotes often. So we don't have to make it very small, like a mobile phone or something, but somewhat bigger than small, so you don't lose it that much anymore. So 75% of the users also find it ugly, and 75% of users save a lot. So the buttons should be that small or should be that complex because you have to search for the buttons, which one you're going to use. Next. Important issues about the remote. I think it would be better with the personal reference, but okay. Remote control has to have a low power usage because 75% of the users only save one time an hour, so the power usage is also one time an hour, so with a high power usage we would use a lot of batteries. The following buttons and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control, so those have to be find very easily and have to be somewhat like bigger, etc. It has also to have to find easily when the label is gone. My colleague also announced that that label should be scratched off or who is off the slate. So if that's the problem, you also have to find it easily on the remote. Buttons, like what our colleague said, have to be minimalized or should be covered or in the LCD screen. The LCD screen is easy because you have the LCD screen. You have the first options, put one option, and then you have all the buttons of that option, so the other options will be gone and you don't see the buttons. So LCD screen should be easy, but an LCD screen, the problem with the LCD screen is that elderly people from 45 to 65 years don't use the LCD screen. So we have to keep that in mind that if you're going to implement the LCD screen, you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use. LCD screen as in touch screen? Yeah, touch screen. The last but not least, younger people are more critical about the features because they use the remote control often more often and are more technical than all the people. And all the people spend more money and easily on the remote control. So we have to keep in mind to focus not a lot, not that much on the younger people, but also somewhat on the elderly people. And on my personal references, I don't have any more time to come with that, but like I said, LCD screen is easily to use because you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons. And it should be used to use, especially the following buttons, the channel buttons and the number buttons to step through the channels. And that is it. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Well, thank you all. I don't know. Did everyone receive an email with the new project requirements? No. No. I did not. Perhaps there is. And then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them so you can all read them. Oh, well, not in this presentation. It should be in there. Well, I can tell you them from my laptop. The data text has become outdated since the popularity of the Internet. So that's the first thing we should pay less attention to the data text. Remote control should only be used for the television, otherwise the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time to market. And of course, we'll make it more costly, I think. Our current customers are within the age group of 40 plus. New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than 40. And you talked about that before. And a last point, but also very important, our corporate image should stay recognizable in our products, which means that our corporate color and slogan must be implemented in the new design. So we have to keep that in mind. Well, according to our agenda, it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions. So who has any idea what should be on it and what shouldn't? You said it should only be used with one appliance or with one, only the TV. Yeah, only a view for television. And the video also, or not. It's only for television here. Makes it a lot easier. So yeah, then you can, yeah, requirements, no, functions. Then it should have on off. Yeah, stand by. Basics, stand by a volume channel, 1 till 2, 0 numbers on it. The TV text doesn't have to be. Other functions. Yeah, I can hear you can change from 1 number to 2. Yeah, yeah. I know. I think it's easy to implement the button with a special, which especially do that because some TVs, if you press the 1 and then the 2. It makes it be between 5 seconds, you make 12. And that's relaxed. And there are some models that don't accommodate that function. So the Philips Television makes plus 1 and that indeed to press 1 and then 2 to make a G2 to reach gem 12. But all the television makes use of those buttons. Where you first press that button and then press 2 digits to... Yeah, so you tap that one. Yeah, I'll make targets. HR? We're 45 plus or so. Well, new products should reach your market with customers that are younger than 40. How will we have? Because younger people have now 16 to 25 age or 81% interest in LCD screen from 26 to 35, 66% and 36 to 45, 55%. So I think because most print plate will be broken in about 2 years, you have to press very hard to go to the next channel with the LCD screen. It's easy because you only have to wipe the screen for a fingerprint. And then you can use that. That collides with our mission to make it very cheap. Because LCD screens are very expensive. Touch screen. Probably even more. True. True. Well, it's possible to make an LCD screen. How was the information? Yeah, it only says that this percentage like LCD screen, because it says that younger age between 16 and 45 highly interested features more critical. Perhaps we should focus on the LCD screen. Yeah, because our target is 16 to 45. Yeah, but will we not exceed our reduction cost? Yeah, you don't know how much cost LCD screen is it possible to find out? I don't have any costs here. I only have percentages. What if you do an LCD, do we have any buttons? An LCD screen is just like a drone here. It displays several buttons. For example, if you want the minimal used buttons such as channel and volume, it displays 4 buttons on the screen. And it's possible to press them down, just like a touchscreen. So you can adjust which buttons you want on them. Yeah, you can adjust for example, adjust the audio settings, press audio on the touchscreen and you get the buttons for audio settings. So the other buttons are gone. Yeah. So we're going for an LCD screen? Yeah. I think it's the most useful thing. And I'm hoping that when we produce a lot, it won't be too expensive. We had 1250, I guess? Yeah, 1250? Yeah, I don't know how expensive. Any guesses? Well, I suppose if the young people are interested in LCD screens, we surely make them. And if that is our market share, our goal to deliver those remotely. You also said that we should not only focus on the younger people, but also the older. Yeah, but... Will they use it if it's only as an LCD screen? It's 46 to 45, 33% and 56 to 65 to 12%. But our project requirements are the new products will be reached for new markets with customers that are younger than 40. But you don't want to eliminate the other ones? No, they're not now. But if they also buy them, that's all right. Yeah, but market share for 40 years and younger is higher than 65 in younger. All right. Okay, so LCD it is? Yeah. Okay, let's try to... Yeah, if it gets too much to expensive, then we should be sticking to rubber buttons. Yeah, I think that they will send you some information about the cost of LCD. No costs at all. So if you receive an email about that, can you post it in our project map? I think that should... I think we all get the costs of everything. Because you are the marketing expert. I'll post it. I figured out the backup plan that we would use. Sure, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, but for now, LCD. Then you have 75% of use finding it ugly. LCD? Yeah. And 80% of the users would spend more money with it when a remote would look fancy. Oh, this is a problem. It'll fancy with the LCD screen. Yeah, but they don't like it. They think it's ugly when it has an LCD. Yeah, just the play remotes, not specific LCD remotes. All right, that's all the new setup. Yeah, maybe you can make something fancy out of an LCD remote because it's new as far as I know. Yeah, of course. And then you have the other thing that's 75% sep a lot, but that's not a question with the LCD screen. The only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off of one of these in time to get all your fingerprints off of it. No. Okay. Okay, what else does a remote need? A mute button. Mute button. Mm-hmm. I think. The most important thing on the remote control are channel selection, volume selection, and power usage. Yeah. And the Taylor text, but that is not of the question. Other things are... I think you put a button of Taylor text for people who want to use it. Yeah, it would be. I mean, I've got a big remote. Yeah. I'd have to fill it. Yeah, and we could make a separate menu on the LCD. Yeah. And also less important things are screen settings, audio settings, and channel settings. Yeah, less important, because I think they should be there. Yeah, it should be there, but not... But in a sub-press menu. Yeah, sub-menu. I think it's also important to make possible to... Anycon in English? And to not use batteries and use... But......acry batteries to... I would be very proud. Yeah, sure. Yeah, so you can mount the......the remote control to charge it. We should think of it 1250. Yeah, but we don't... I don't know why it says... Yeah, so... Okay, because when you get an LCD screen, you run it on batteries. Yeah. Yeah. The batteries will be......the very......the......the......the......the......the......the......the......the......the......very extra that you have......first you turn the remote on and then you can... Yeah, I think it's not that easy......because I don't think people like it, who......that you have to turn it on first, and then use it. Yes. I think it's better when the TV shuts down or remote shuts down....and goats turn......by my window, you know, so...... Yeah, automatically. Yeah, and......off the message......and......and maybe a low battery indicator. low battery indicator. Yeah, on the screen. Sure. Then, before or hour, when it gets empty, then you have plenty of time to recharge it, or put it in a recharger. So we are going for the recharger. Yeah, it's slim. Is it sensible? Yeah, because when you're watching TV, you have to put it in a recharger. When you're done with... Yeah, okay, but we have to be sure that the batteries go hour, six hours, five, six hours. You also forget to put it in. Yeah, you probably. But you also forget to buy batteries. Yeah. You can't use it. Or you have to be sure that the batteries lost a couple of days with the rechargers. So I think the battery should work a lot longer than a couple of days. Yeah, because I have LCD screen. Yeah, that's your... High power usage. High power usage, so it should be a standard move to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television. That's also a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore. You are obliged to put it in the charger and not to leave any couch between some cushions. Yeah. Okay, we had a point there. But then you also have to have somewhere where you can put a recharger near your couch. Because otherwise you have to... Yeah, otherwise....you have to walk a lot and we're going to have to turn on the TV. Just a small device. I think everything has to be......like a telephone charger or something. And just the cable or even the charger when you can mount it on. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. Okay. Right. Well, it has to be easy to use also. Yeah....for the......market share, speech recognition. I see. For the original designs, for the otherly, you could make it possible to enlarge the screen. To make it possible to not display a button at 10 points. I think that this will be standard. Yeah, but it is a bunch of functions you have to specify. Okay. Because we can look at perhaps 40 buttons at the screen, but in the otherly, only look at two buttons. Okay. And if you can tell me about speech recognition? Yeah, it says......speech recognition. Yeah. 12... Yeah, 12 or 50. That's also 91% 60 to 25, 26 to 35 years, 76% and 36 to 45, 35 percent. Yeah, that's quite a bit. It's pretty......but I......I......if I make a name for LCD. Yeah. Let's do speech. Let's leave out all the remote controls and just put a microphone on top of the telephone. You can snap for something. Turn volume up. Yeah. Hey. That's my idea. It's really low. You say the wrong thing. Yeah, okay. It has to be remote control now. But they want to talk into the remote control or something? Yeah, why not? It's not to pay more for speech recognition in the remote control. So everything it says. Do we want to implement that? I think the LCD screen should be sufficient. But when you look at percentages... Yeah, it says a lot. Perhaps the option should be... Of course, even higher. Why not? Why not? Maybe because of the cost, but nobody knows how much. I think it's better to have LCD screen because in the area of 36 to 45, we have about 30% of the market sharing in our hands. And 55 of those people want LCD screen and 35 on speech recognition. So I think it's better to keep it with LCD screen. But would it be useful to implement both? Yeah, with the costs allowed. I don't know if it can be done with the cost of 12. If it should be done, if it could be done, it should be better. But how would you like to implement that, that you say, volume up and then those are... Yeah. Certain systems already exist, I think. Then you also have to have different languages. If we go international... It's true. It's used to do French and Russian English. It should be also coming with some software. It should be also with LCD screen because I think it's different written volumes with different written than... So I'll heal you or something. You can use icons for the speaker and the... That's better than language. So you want to... It's international... Okay. What else? So no speech recognition. Well, if it could be done with... Yeah. It should be done. It could be done with... And then with different languages. Yeah, that should be... That's not so difficult. I already used several voice-operated systems and they are all possible to... Oh, but... That's difficult. You should suggest, I think. Every language of dialects. Yeah. I think it's very difficult. You have to speak so that it can understand. I think it can be implemented, but maybe... You could use that as an option. Yes, an option, yes. Money left or something. 50 euro cents. That's two speeches. Speech recognition. Okay. So we only do it when we have enough money left. Okay. Well, I've written down an honor off button. Volume selection, channel selection, digits from 1 to 0. Or from 0 to 9. A digit button to switch between 1 and 2 digits. A mute button. A separate menu for a teletext. A battery indicator. We're going to use a docking station. And probably LCD. And if there's enough money, speech recognition. And the possibility to enlarge buttons or to have large buttons. Yes. A teletext. It wasn't really important. No. You also now have colors. I don't know if we should implement that. When you press the red button, you go to page 102 and we press the... I don't know if we should implement that. Because it says that teletext is not really important. Short cuts. Yeah. I'll take which we could also implement the audio settings, screen settings, and channel settings, but as sub menus. If you turn the remote control on, you have to see 1 to 0 channel volume. And if you want to use the teletext screen or audio, then you can press it. It should be available, but not directly available. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So not too much the teletext support, but in a separate menu. So actually, it is there. Yeah, but it's not ready there. So there's a lot of confuses. It has to be easy to use. A surge. If you want to use teletext, you can press the teletext button and then the options become available. Yeah. That's right. The side of it. Okay. But no more buttons or functions. Oh. What else can you do with that? Are we forgetting something? I've got two examples here, but I don't think there's anything we should... I don't think we should play a boss. We don't have a video on this. Yeah. Where is your presentation? You could check the other remote controls, technical functions. Hey, you could click here. Oh, which was? Yeah. I don't know. Technical function. There a bit more. You could shoot stretch them because... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Technical function is... Okay. I guess we've got them all. I've got what you have for me. Yeah. This is actually what you're doing. Yeah. Yeah. Zoom buttons. Yeah. White screen. White screen. High screen. Different things. I'll let you put them on now. Yeah. Different. Yeah. With that should also be a sub-menu. Yeah. It should be available by that. It's a screen setting or something. Yeah. We should also implement some screen settings. Yeah, screen settings, audio settings. The analytics settings you have. Yeah. General settings. Yeah. So you can probably... So those four and of course the main. Yeah. So first you see the main and the other ones you can go to... Yeah. Like depth screens or something or... I don't know. I hope we can do this. Yeah. Actually, it's depending on what kind of television you got. Because if you don't got a white screen television, you don't need to... You don't need to use it. You don't use it. And if the television does not support such operations... You don't have to use that tab. Yeah. Yeah. So you leave it. Hello. Yeah. Or it could be possible to have a standard version of the remote. Yeah. Expendous version. And do we want to have different colors? Or... Colors. Colors. Yeah. Colors I think the main color of the remote control is the color of the LCD screen. Yeah. Because we don't want to love... Yeah. It divides itself. It divides itself. How many percent? 80 percent. I think it's ugly. We'll spend more money if it looks fancy. Okay. So use a lot of people... Perhaps you can make adjustable front. Like with the... Adjustable front. You can... Okay. You can... So you're... I think that's... Well, make it a little bit different colors. Yeah. Yeah. Red, white, blue. Black. And a sea crew. Yeah. She's two fursions. Same since versions. And she press a button. It turns green. Yeah. Oh. Leave. Five minutes. Single for final five minutes. So I have the things I just read. Then we have separate menus for data text, screen settings, audio settings. And well. Channel settings. All right. So you can program that to you. Okay. Hmm. Perhaps you should... You'll throw them in one pile. So options. And then you set them. Yeah. Otherwise you have all those data text. Perhaps they'll text not... Or like... Oh, for menu button. Also a separate menu. Yeah. Or also for menu button. First menu. Then you have main... Main usage. All the settings. Yeah. Okay. But we can work it out later. Yeah. So we're having a general menu with the most used functions. Data text, screen settings, audio settings, channel settings. And maybe there are options for the remote itself. Like large icons or small icons. Uh, what else? I think. Because we don't have a lot of buttons on the one screen. I think the buttons... We don't have any buttons. Yeah, but... That's right. We only have a general button, a volume button. Those buttons. There's also a new LCD, right? Yeah. Okay. So we don't have any normal buttons on the one screen. No, no, normal buttons. Yeah. Maybe only the... We don't have buttons. We don't have any normal buttons on the one screen. Maybe only the... We don't have any normal buttons on the one screen. No. No. Okay. Oh, well, you should be able to set which TV you have. If you want to set it. Yeah, sure. Of course you need the settings button or settings option for the remote control. Yeah. But it's an idea to use what you set, a normal on-and-off button for the TV. No, no, no, no. Because we discussed that you could charge it otherwise it... It jumps to standby mode. Yeah, but not for the remote, but for the TV. Yeah, the TV, of course. I think that's the best thing is to implement that one in the menu with the volume. But not as normal button in the USB. No. Well, maybe there should be a separate button apart from the LCD because you can't turn it on when the LCD is off. So how do you turn the thing on there? Yes, we are. You just tap it. Tap it. Okay. And then the television is on also or just to remote? No, just to remote. The television doesn't have to be on. That's where you can press on standby mode. Yes, standby, then press on the remote, press on and then TV should be... Affainable. Yeah. I don't know whether it's handy to have a normal on-button. Just to wrap our TV so you can turn it on and then you can choose channel. Otherwise you... I don't know whether or not that's... A normal button on the remote control? Yeah, no, no, no. To turn it on. Or you should put it in the LCD screen. Yeah, because when you touch the LCD screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on. Yeah. Okay. Why would it be handy to have a normal button? Well, I guess if you use the LCD screen, you first have search where it's the on-button and you... You then turn and then the TV goes on. But if you have a normal on-button on the remote, then you do it on and then you search the channel which you want. Yeah, but I think the remote control, if you press, tap the screen, it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button, channel button and of course also the on- and off button. I think it looks a lot more fancy if you need to... Yeah, I think so too. I don't have any buttons on this. Yeah. No, actually we're going to create a button less... Yeah. No buttons at all. Okay, well that might be a unique selling point, huh? Remote. If you can afford... Well, I guess... Phone for the discussion to our next meeting because we're running out of time. For now, we're having a lunch break. And then there will be half an hour for the next share of individual work. I will write minutes if I can create them out of this and put them in the project documents folder. And here are the individual actions for the other roles. And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your personal coach. Luckily as we are. Okay, well, thank you very much. You're welcome. Lunch. Have a nice lunch, huh? Food. Oh, yeah. Should we put this back in our room? Yeah, I think so. It's a small... Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, sorry. Mm-hmm. No. No. No.