 Do you need to change anything on it? Because otherwise I will already open it. I don't think so. Unless things have suddenly changed again. Much changes? I don't know. Maybe... No, I don't like the last time. I only need the same information. Okay. Hello, Mr. Pian. Hello, Mr. Pian. I believe Ms. Dental is with us as well. In the control room. Well, that's where the thinking goes on. It's the true again, always late. Bonjour, no. I think you should punish him. I see some interesting... You wish. People, welcome back. The third meeting. I have some points. I would like to point out. First of all, if you make minutes yourself as well, like Sebastian does, could you put them on the shared folder? If you do not make minutes, no problem. But it's easy for me to see what you wrote down, so I can use that in the report. The second thing... I was thinking to myself, I have this little remote control, and I'm talking to it, but I still need to point to the television, because it works with infrared. That's quite strange. Yes. Okay. So, we'll come to that later, I think. The agenda for now, are there any pre-discussion questions? No, no. Okay. We will have your individual presentations than the decision on the remote control concept and the closing, 40 minutes in total for this. So, I think we can immediately start with the individual presentations. Okay. The progress you made. I think it might be smart to look at Root's information first, because I understood there are some significant changes in the market situation. All right. So, just pressed OK button. Okay. My method. How surprising. Oh, findings. These views are important, but innovation is more important. And the fancy look and feel is even more important. And some fashion watchers found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their clothes shoes and furniture, and that they want spongy material. Probably too much sponge ball. The older group still prefers dark colors, simple shapes from material, but since we're concentrating on the younger group. Why this? Why this? Could you go to the previous slide? Because I'm taking minutes and... will be important in themes and clothes. Okay. The field of measurement is expected to be spongy. So, do you think when fruit and vegetables are important for clothing and shoes, that they are in remote controls also? Well, one example given was this. So, I assume they just want something colorful, not just an apple as a remote control. But like dark colors, you said. The younger group likes more colorful. Okay. But then I suggest the corporate colors are gray and yellow. Can you go back to the slide? Which one? Just one slide back. No, no, no. Yes. Okay. And the field of the material has to be spongy. Yes. Has it something to do with that natural feeling also, do you think? Well, it might. Personally, I would like a sponge as a remote control, but maybe some soft material or something. Okay. So, yeah, it might not be... It shouldn't be too hard. It may be rubber or... Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And like... Oh, wait, the old one. The old one. It likes familiar materials, but that doesn't mean we should use wood. So... Okay. Oh, this is an example of what they would like. But since we're concentrating on the younger group, I think we should use soft materials and make it colorful or like cell phones, exchangeable covers. Yeah. So we could provide both for the young and the old, what they like. Well, that's interesting. It's quite interesting. You could make a few very colorful ones. Yeah. And a very traditional... I'm thinking about the banana ram, a telephone, a telephone from Siemens. The yellow rubber... Yeah. Yeah. The phone. It's the rubber... Yeah, it is. It is. Yeah. And it's colorful. It looks like some banana. We have the fruit, we have the colors. Do you know the phone? I don't know the phone. I don't know the phone. It's the Siemens C25, I believe. It's the one that Postbank gave away. Oh, that one. The very... Oh, I know. It's also a yellow. Yes, I've seen it. I've seen it. You know, Root as well? I've seen it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do you have... That's about it. Okay. Okay. So the important findings are innovation is more important than ease of use for our target group. And coloring is important and... And soft materials. Soft materials. Okay. So ease of use is important, but technology is twice as important. And what was even more important? The fancy looking fuel. Okay. So that's the most important thing for our customers. Yes. Okay. Okay. The rule. Yeah. Could you do your presentation? Mm-hmm. Oh, I don't really have much to add because most of the things we already said in the previous discussion. Okay. Well, it's good to sum up the things we already thought about. The previous ideas were a voice recognition and the round button for the channel programming and volume. Well, a few interfaces I found on the internet are these. These are both with voice recognition, but they're very advanced and very high tech and just, well, a weird... Shape. Shape. So I suggest I couldn't... I had a small mock-up sign on the...... but it didn't work. But pen didn't load the information. So I made a really simple shape in PowerPoint, but we could make around an oval...... which is more control. It's kind of organic, so that's very good. Yeah. And what I'm thinking about, maybe we should make very light, but a grip. I mean, this is how you hold a remote control. Yes. It shouldn't be too...... a lot to... Slippery. Slippery. Because... We didn't have something like the Siemens phone. Yes. Yeah, exactly. It's easier in your hand. There are also remote controls who have a little shape underneath...... where you can put your fingers. So you can get a really good grip on it, so you don't have to attain much pressure to it. It's a lot easier. It grips automatically. Yes. Okay. I'll go into that deeper in my presentation. Okay. Good. Right. Oh, and to add on the route information. In this interface, we can have a high tech with a force recognition and...... well, the defensive colors and so on. And still have the ease of use because we have an easy interface. And all the other remote controls are high tech and buttons. Yeah. Way too much, I think, for our goal. Yeah. So if you have the force recognition, you can program like 30... Okay. Okay. I'll go into that because there are some possibilities and some impossibilities. I had a talk with our manufacturing division. And we had a talk about all the different components who are in this design. These are the things we've looked at. And of course, I use the web to find my information. About casing, we have three different casing possibilities. We have the uncurved or flat case. That's the most common remote control form we're used to. It's just a box. I'm sorry, I don't have any pictures of this thing. We have a curved one. It's curved in two dimensions. You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form. So it's a little more advanced in its shape. And we have an even more advanced shape which is curved in three dimensions. I think you can compare it a little bit with the big gray image you had in your presentation. You can compare the big remote control, something like that. But it's quite advanced and it's quite daring to use, I think. For these casings, we have different types of finishing. We can use plastic, which is very slippery and maybe not so nice. But you can give it any color, which is the same for rubber, but it's not slippery. We can use wood and titanium. We cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases. These latex cases, just the plastic ones, won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source, which brings me to the different energy sources. We even seem to have a head dynamos for powering our remote control. You really have to imagine winding up the rate. It would be very new to the market. It would be very new, but it's kind of a retro style. This is quite interesting. There's also a kinetic energy supply. When you're watching TV, you have to make some kind of energy, kinetic energy, by shaking the remote or throwing it against the wall. It has to move. That's the sense of it. And you can store the energy in the thing. I think if I can, who can come to that? The kinetic thing is very funny. It's very funny indeed. I mean, solar is, of course, it's nice, but it's, well, your calculator has a solar panel. But if you're watching a movie, how many times you take the remote control and... Well, maybe if you have a watch, you have the kinetic idea in a watch also. Yeah, I know. You walk, but you sit on a couch. You know from your own watch. Your watch uses a minimum, it consumes a minimal amount of energy. The shaking of your body, which is almost every activity, makes your body shake, charges it. But the problem here is that it supplies a very little amount of kinetic energy. So I think you have a problem when you're watching a movie and you haven't moved the remote control in an amount of time. And you want to switch the channel or something. Well, it might not work. So that's something you have to keep in mind. Okay. But maybe there's a possibility to combine it with traditional batteries so we can save on the batteries. And when there's a near kinetic energy, used kinetic energy and otherwise use the batteries. Okay, because I guess the voice recognition feature consumes quite a lot of power. Yes, it does. Yeah. I'll come to that later. Okay. And we, of course, have the traditional solar power, which is just a piece of material on the......remode control, which transfers light energy into electricity. The user interface controls. Of course, we have the push buttons. And we also have scroll wheels. And the scroll wheels can also be integrated with buttons. So it's just like a mouse. You can scroll them. You can also push it. In the indicators, we have the LCD displays, which means you can watch in a display which channel you have chosen or something like that of the amount of volume, which is currently. And we also have double scroll buttons, which are just two of these things. So we don't really have the kind of button we had in mind in our last meeting. The thing with the round. We can just make four push buttons in the form of a round. Yes. It's disposable too. Yes. But I don't think the scroll wheels, I had some information about it too. I don't think there's any possibility for us to use scroll wheels. I can't see any scenario where you would use a scroll wheel with a button on it. Maybe, well, maybe the... Maybe it's a bit of a remote. With maybe the channel selector. What about integrating a scroll bar on this side? That's the possibility. Because this is how you keep it. The floor is quite good. Think about a scenario where you would use the scroll button. Volume. Well, what he means is there's a button integrated in the scroll wheel. There's no scenario where you use the button in the scroll wheel. You just use the wheel. Well, what about mute? About mute. I guess this is my volume button. Yes. And I can either on this side or this side. That's one possibility. And click it to mute the device. And it makes it different from the traditional devices on this market. So I'm looking for a way to make it a little different than the traditional ones. So maybe I guess that's something you need to think about. What do you think about a scroll bar? A scroll wheel. Well, it's obviously new. So it might attract the young customers. But it's done before. There are many auto devices like telephones and our radio, pocket radios. We use this. And well, it's been done years ago and I don't see it anywhere now. Well, all the Sony telephones use it, for example, for volume. Nokia has it, well, okay, it's not really a scroll wheel. But on their side, the volume button is on the side because you grab it like this. Yes, but it uses two separate buttons. Yeah, I know. It's not really a scroll wheel. There's something for you too. I believe if you have what we've already said, the grip places in the remote control, you have your hand on one place on the remote control. So you have to place all the buttons in the range of your thumb. Yes, you have to. So in that case, the volume button on the side of the remote control would be perfect. Okay. Sebastian, then. Okay. We have to know, if you want to use these rubber double curved case, you must use these push buttons. There's no way you can integrate LCD displays. There's no way you can integrate scroll wheels because it's all curved. There are no flat areas where you can incorporate these things. So that's a limitation about the components, just the hardware. We basically have three types of chips we can use. And these chips incorporate all the largeica and hardware that is needed to send signal. We have a simple regular and advanced chip. And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker, which is a little cryptic to me. But I think that's the voice recognition thing that we are thinking about. Yeah, you can have some information about it. In the voice recognition, you say a word. You can program a word like volume up. Okay. So mute. Let's say mute. Okay. You program it, you mute, and you give an action to it. Just really the mute function. And when you speak in the remote control, it repeats your saying. So that's the sample sensor. Okay. So if you say mute, it says mute again. And then it's, when I believe it. It performs the action. Yeah. And then your piece is action which you believe it is. You say mute, you repeat mute, and it makes the computer sound mute. And then goes to the mute function. Okay. So that's basically the voice recognition item we were searching for. Okay. This sample sensor requires regular chip, I thought. No, well, I'm not sure. No, it's not in here. If we want to use the LCD display, we really need the advanced version, which is a little bit more costly. If we want to use the screw wheels, we need the regular version. And if we don't want to use any of these more advanced functions, we can keep with the simple chip, which is a bit cheaper. Okay. Okay. Did we already decide on the display? No, but I think that's something for the whole here. Yeah. Well, I don't have a look for information about it. But I don't think information, I don't think you need it on the display. Especially when we have to look at the cost, I don't think you need it. Any TV can view it on screen. On screen, yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, my conclusion, unfortunately, the market has decided a little other than I thought. I thought the market would like a sort of titanium casing, but they seem to like natural stuff. So maybe we should think about wood finish. I've chosen the more battery with solar cell solution for the energy. It's more reliable, it's cheaper. Okay. So I don't think we should use the diagonal thing. Okay. It's more advanced, but I think you should combine it with batteries. Okay. It's maybe a bit too flashy too. Well, yeah. In some way, it can give us an offense because you will save on your batteries. Yeah, but that's the same with the solar cell. Yes. I think it's more robust. But what about the market, what colorful designs? So if we use titanium. No, no. That's what Sebastian said. He said this is my personal preference, but yet I understood that the market is different. Oh, sorry. I think we should skip the titanium stuff and we should use wood or something like that. And I would think that the rubber with colors. Yeah, the older people liked wood. Oh, okay, sorry. It needs to be rubber. Call it the younger people like soft material. Okay. Spongy materials. Yeah. Okay. Well, these scroll wheels, I think they can be handy. And they can be implemented with a regular chip? Yes, they can. But they really need a regular chip. You cannot use the same software. Okay. But also, we already need a regular chip for the sample. Well, I'm not so sure. Maybe that's a big thing. No, but do you want the curved design or? I think so. If you stick with the simple, straightforward, not curved design. It's too dull. It's too dull. I don't think our customers will like it. And if you take the double curved, then you cannot only use the rubber buttons. You cannot use the scroll wheels. Okay. I think this is the best of two wheels. Okay. What about the issue I addressed at the beginning of the meeting? The voice function with the infrared issue. Yes. Because it's, of course. I can imagine. It's very dull to talk to a device, if you have to point to another device. Yeah. It's very logical. But most infrared remote controls don't have to be pointed at all. Well, there has to be some pointing. It depends also on your hand before. Okay. It won't work. But you can point it just. Well, it depends on your walls, actually. If you have smooth walls, you're probably right. But if you have carpets on the wall, which are natural, loving friends, probably do have, then, yeah, it might be a bit more of an issue. Yes. Because the walls, they reflect the infrared light. Yeah. So, it's easier. I suggest we use the sensor sample. The sample sensor and sample speaker. With a regular chip. I think it gives us the advantage of the scroll wheel. Yes. I like the scroll wheels. I skipped the LCD part. I don't think it's any value added. No. Thanks. Well, it looks, yeah. Well, according to the market likes new flashy technology. And I mean, else today is... It's not very flashy. Well, I know. It's less... Standard? Standard than... Well, we are not very... We do not know much about the financial part. That's the problem. Because if we do have enough space in our finance, I would say do integrate it because it adds a little extra high-tech feeling to it. But we all have the scroll wheels, the speaker recognition, the rubber, I think our customer is so good. The fancy color. Okay. It's too much. Yeah. Okay. I agree. I think... Do you have anything you would like to add or maybe thought or... No, I don't think so. No. No, no. Nothing more. Nothing more. The next phase will be... What's the next phase to the floors? Well, we need to describe decisions now. Okay. So, on energy, well, we decided... Okay. The case, rubber with one curve. Use the interface. But it can't go with... With one curved case? Yes, they can work. Sorry. They cannot work with double curved. Oh, sorry. Just a problem. I'll check it for you. Then the corporate identity should be in the product. I guess that is something for Ruhl and Sebastian. You talked about it before the colors. Gray and yellow. Yeah. Keep it in mind. And the buttons, well, we talked about it now. The next phase, Sebastian, is the design of the look and feel. Mm-hmm. The user interface design. And for you, the product evaluation, I'm sure your personal coach will give you. More information on that. And the ID and the UID need to work together on the prototype drawing on the smartboard. Okay. And I'm going to plan my holidays. Okay. So, you will build the house for the next... Yeah. It's... When we come back in 30 minutes, you will have a prototype ready. Okay. So, can you give us a summary of all decisions we've made? Yeah. I can. Maybe one of you could write it down. I'll do. Great. You need to help me. Okay. Start with the casing. The casing is curved. Single curved. Single curved. Okay. What about the energy source? Traditional batteries and solar. But can I be... Can I work together? When you have to choose between them. No, they can be complementary. I think they can. Oh, okay. Well, what... Every device. It should be. There should be a real problem. There can be a supplementary. There's no problem. Yeah. So, okay. So, just... The energy source is... The battery. And the solar. Yeah. What about the finishing of the case? We have decided we wanted to use the rubber. Yeah. Colorful rubber. If it's possible with different covers. But I'm not sure if our suppliers can help us with such a wish. Okay. And I think we should use the company color. Something like black and red. Or black and yellow. Gray and yellow. Gray and yellow. Yeah. Yellow case and gray buttons. Yeah. Although, I don't think that's very colorful. Except for the yellow, of course. But I could think of a more attractive set of colors. I think it's... It's not very dull. It's quite modern, actually. Don't you think? Well, I was more thinking about the fruit colors that the root show just before. But you have already... You must have a red on and off button. And... Well, it doesn't have to be red. Well... I mean, I think these colors are really what our young people are looking for. So maybe it shouldn't even be two colors. It should be a full color cover with such an image. Or... I mean... Okay. Thinking in two colors is too black and white for our market group, I guess. Oh, black and yellow. Black and yellow. Yeah. Okay. But I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on the device. Because I agree it would be nice to have something like that on the device itself. Well, there is. Just a week ago. Keyboard manufacturer. Oh, I've read. With print. Yes, fine art and... Yes, but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its techniques. They're actually very slow-heads techniques. Okay, so we have to deal with what's possible here. So, I'm afraid it's not possible. Yeah. Okay. More decisions we made. Um... The scroll wheel? The scroll wheel, yes. The voice recognition. We already decided. Of course. Okay. So scroll wheel, but there will be some additional buttons, I guess. And they should be spongy also. Because they're rubber too. I'm going to leave that up to you too. What did you say? Well, you can use, well, when you use the buttons, they'll be made of rubber too. So it has the spongy, fuel also. Yeah. So I think that's okay. Or you could use plastic buttons in the rubber. I think rubber is nice. Because I mean, what do you touch the button and what do they want, spongy devices? But then you just have the fact that the trunks on the buttons will disappear eventually. It's really? What I said in the first discussion, the digit 6 on the button, it will disappear when it's from rubber. Is that... Does our virus say something? It's not something that no information I read about it or so. But did we include the digits? No, but... Because things like volume could be placed next to the button. You could place a... This would be the button. The scroll wheel, I mean. And you could place the signals. So you don't touch it? That's possible. But then you have still the images on the rubber of the case. Still then, if you feel your remote control, you just rub on the cover. So you rub on the painting. No, no, there's no painting. Only yellow or the digits into the rubber. But the plus or the minus? Yes, the sign. If this is on the cover. It's on the cover. I think... I know what you understand. I know what you mean. Just move the problem. What about making this rubber and making this plastic? I see what you mean. Well, maybe that's possible because our manufacturing division also offers plastic finishing. So maybe they can combine these two. Yeah. Well, actually we should have it the other way around, I guess. A plastic cover with rubber finishing. I mean, this is the finishing. This is what's on the edge, what you feel. The front on which the buttons are doesn't have to be rubber. I'm not so sure. Can you separate these? Well, I'm not sure. I have to ask with manufacturing. I'm not sure that's what you want because our customers specifically ask for the spongy feel. And that's what you get with rubber. So if you want a spongy feel, you need to make these buttons all of rubber. I know, but do you touch this or do you touch this? I mean, I never touch between the buttons. I do. I do. The sideways or? Yeah, the sideways. Exactly. The sideways. The side. But do you touch between these buttons? Yes, especially when there are a few buttons on it. You have a lot of space to touch. So you just have it in your hand completely or... Okay. Well, we do not have very much time left. I guess you two have to figure that out. I'm going to leave the decision to you because you have to make its prototype. And yeah, you have the most knowledge about the suppliers, the possibilities. So I'm going to leave the decision with you. So, whilst, did you write enough decisions down? Not quite. What about the chips? We use the regular chip. Regular line. Okay. Yeah. And... Well, I think that's about it. Yes. Okay. With those regular chips, we can still control advanced functions. The chip is not really... The only difference between the advanced and the regular version is that the advanced version of the chip supports LCD. Okay. Well... And we've decided not to use LCD so... Yeah. Okay. And I think we are quite finished. I'll see you guys in 30 minutes. The finishing touch. Yeah. If you wrote anything down, could you put it on the shared folder? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But Sebastian has everything. I know, but... Well... I'll put it online. Great. Okay. Okay. I'm going to demonstrate. I'm like... Oh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I can put it on a floor. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hi. Okay. Okay. Okay. Vima. I cut it away from online, and I'm doing it, and I'm going to add to it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.