 Good morning. Good morning. Marketing experts. All right. Are you ready? You should put the laptop right into the square for the cameras. Good morning. Good morning. Mr. P.M. How are you today? I'm fine. How was your business trip to Boston? Well, actually, I didn't go. I didn't feel like it. Do you want to open it as read-only? I guess I should close it here. You have the same message of Windows connection? Yeah, we will have a tip that I would like to play. Oh, stand by and close the window. Okay. The waiting is for our marketing expert. Root. Project kick-off. Is there a schedule for this meeting? Yes, there is, actually. I will... this is the agenda for today, for this meeting. Good morning, Root. It's important. Shall I close the door? Yeah, great. It's important that the laptops are exactly on the square for the cameras. Okay. Okay. We're here to develop a new product. I'm sure you've had a mail from our account manager about it. And this is the first meeting to generate some ideas about it. You are here in a specific role. Root is here as the marketing expert. Root is here as the user interface designer, and Sebastian is here in the role of industrial designer. Is that correct? That's correct. Okay. We're going to do a little tool training for the tools we are going to use during the meetings we are going to have here. Then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan, and we will have a discussion. This meeting should take no more than 25 minutes, so we should keep that in mind. Is there any room for a little presentation? Maybe during the discussion session? There is. Yeah, there is. Okay. No problem. Okay, this new product we are going to develop. It's remote control, a television remote control. First of all, it should be original, it should be trendy and user friendly. Those are kind of easy goals. And I'm sure we can find more goals for the product we are going to develop. We will discuss later on more ideas about how the remote should look and how it should function. All those kind of things. The market, we should have a look at the market. We are going to use a project method during this development, which consists of three different design stages. The functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design. All of these stages mean that we do some individual work, prepare, and then meet to discuss the programming. The progressions. The first stage, the functional design. We are going to search for the user requirements and we will make a specification of that. The second is the technical functional design. What effect should the remote have? Well, in this case, control the television, I think. The last one is the working design. How exactly does it work in the technical sense? The other design stages, we will discuss that later. We will keep it with the functional design. Before we think about remote control, we will work with some of the tools we have here. As you see now, I can give a presentation. It is also possible to use this one as well. You can display two presentations as you want to. To present it, to show us a file, you will need to place it in your project documents folder, which is on your desktop. Then we have this electronic whiteboard system. I will show that now. You can draw on the board using this pen. There are little sensors. Do not grab it here, but a little bit more to the end. It is on the eraser now. We click the pen button. Not too fast writing. You can insert a new slide or whiteboard file by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button. All our smartboard notes should be kept in the same file. Do not make a new file. Just use this one during the day. You can use the eraser to make something go away. You can use the same whiteboard file. We can work together on it while we are going to only use it in the meetings. In the meetings, only in the meetings. It is really like the regular whiteboard. You can choose the format. Let me see. I guess it is maybe because I am not pen selected. Current color. You can choose another color. You can choose the line width. Now I have a different line width and a color. It is quite easy if you do have any questions. I wrote down the documents. It should be in the project documents folder if you want to discuss it with us. As a little training, I will ask Root first to draw your own animal on a new slide with a different color and a different line width than the one now selected. Okay. It is a funny rabbit. A rabbit. Could you do the same? Sebastian is thinking about the animal. It is a cat. It should be a cat. It should be a cat. I am guessing a horse. With a very small legs. I guess you get the idea. Beautiful. Beautiful. You can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to. Back to our project. The remote control we are going to develop. We will have a selling price of about 25 euros. This product is 50 million euros. The product will be sold if there is market interest in more than one country. The production costs should not be more than 12 euros 50. We should keep that in mind during the development because those are important numbers. Then the discussion may be the time for Sebastian to show his presentation. I have some technical issues which I would like to present to you before we start the discussion. There might be some. First, my role of the industrial designer. I would like to think about the implementation of things and the technical possibilities and impossibilities. If someone comes up with ideas, I will try to translate them in technical functions. There might be some impossibilities. I will propose some implementations for that. I will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available and which might be interesting to implement in our product. I have some initial ideas about some things which are maybe nice to take with you in the upcoming discussion. One thing about interoperability. I think modern remote control shoots control a diverse subset of equipment. For instance, DVD player, cell phones, video and audio equipment. One remote control for all your equipment. For cell phone? There should be some interoperability between them. I think it can come in handy. We should discuss that. We should think about the way how these things should communicate with each other. We are not living in the 1980s anymore. You should think about Bluetooth. The infrared is a little old-fashioned. But all the fees are equipped with infrared. You cannot know. That is the most of them. That is something we should discuss about everybody should think about it. That is just my role. I will give you some technical input. I think now the time is to have a little discussion about what the product should be and how it should look. Take these things into account when you start the discussion. The main point you are telling us is focus on the interoperability. One remote control shoots control one or more pieces of equipment. The way of communicating with these equipment. That was your presentation. I will go back to my own presentation. I do think it is time now to discuss some things. Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implications. There are other things like how to make it trendy, which is, I think, most routes role. The way how it should be controlled by the user, which is a rule during this part. Let us start with you. How do you think the remote should function for the user? A few things in mind. The remote should work on different TVs or different devices. It is a universal remote control for customers to buy a store. It is not for Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product. We are going to business to consumer. We are not developing this product for a specific vendor. We are developing this product and we want to set it to a very broad public. You should fit to every device. Do you agree? The technical function, like what you said, is just by pressing the button. You should change the state of the TV. That is just the basic technical function. That is my part for this session. Is that ease of use? The technical function is pure. What should the remote control do? What is his task? It just should change the TV's state. You see the buttons as a means of doing this. Maybe you want a touchscreen. I have seen these remote controls with this little stick, which you can move forward. It is very easy for a user to switch between channels or between tracks on a CD or on a DFT player. Maybe that is an idea. For other user interface, I had more industrial point to get a DFT. It is quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the DFT. You must point it everywhere. Maybe not even point it. In that case, infrared should be a restriction to that. It is a restriction for the operating range too. When you are not able to point at the device, the range is fairly important. For TV, you are always in the neighborhood of a TV. I don't think the range should be a problem to that. If you want to get it working with a radio and you are in outside your garden with just one speaker, then maybe the range should be a... Okay, gentlemen. Just to remind you, we have five minutes left for this meeting. Two more things. You are able to feel the buttons without... You have to know what you do without looking at the buttons. It should be a user interface for feeling. It should be good to understand. You must use the buttons for volume or whatever. Of course, you don't always know where all buttons are. It should be visible in dark too. Those are two really user interface. I will write down glow in the dark. Yeah, that's perfect. Okay. I just want to hear Ruth's input for this meeting. Do you have anything already idea about how the market will respond to such a product or what we should take in account when developing such a product? I think most things have already been said like control multiple devices. And infrared might be an issue because... Well, he said about pointing, but lots of devices already use infrared. We'll probably have to implement that. Okay. Okay. Sebastian, did you have any other ideas? Well, yes, I had about three minutes ago. I seem to forget them. I forgot them. Oh, yes, I remember. You said something about visibility in dark. Would it be nice for a user to have display on this remote control on which you can see functions which makes it easier to operate this? Yeah, well, maybe I... It can be quite simple. You can just have white buttons with black mark on it. The digits in black, then it's already visible in dark. So it don't have to be lightning or fancy. Well, it can be for design. Yeah, okay, because we want to develop a trendy product. So there's a cost limitation too. Yeah. Twelve year or fifty. So, yes. A big problem, I think. I think the financial part of this project implicates that it's not going to be high end product. The cost price is very low. Just remind something. The digits of the painting on the buttons should not fade. Okay. Always have the soft buttons always clear the paint on it. The mark. Okay, I have one point which comes in mind now. I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily, or should not consume too much power. Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every other week. Yeah. So maybe we could, for example, only light the buttons that are applicable at that moment. Or, yeah, I don't know. That's more, Sebastian's. But then Bluetooth might be a problem. Because I think Bluetooth uses a lot of... Yeah. I'm not sure. I know cell phones have integrated Bluetooth also. Well, it seems to work quite okay. But you can use Bluetooth all the time, 24 hours a day. Okay. Gentlemen. It's over. I'm afraid we do not have any more time. So we will go back to our own work. Next meeting starts in 30 minutes. And well, you know your individual actions or your personal coach will probably email you about it. So, this was it. Okay. See you in 30 minutes. Okay.