 Did you manage? No. Quite. Okay. We'll see you. Yeah. I'll do. So what were you guys discussing? No, it's a... Oh, it's a secret manage. Yeah. Okay. Did you find anything new? No, nothing special. I have a little bit of... Great. The trendy stuff. I did it a minute. And I will show you. Hey, everything all right. I had just a little bit of time, so... Okay. I hope it's something we can work with. I have the same. Do you have a lot of new information? Do you have a lot of new information? Well, I heard that there was a new component speech recognition component. Which was pretty much up to standard. So we might use that. I put that in my drawing, but again, I did not have that much time. All right. I have a lot of new... I've made a complete list of... There's no one. Everything that we can use. All the components that are all available. Okay. That's just super. I still don't have any finance information, but these have a lot more to go in now. Okay. If I was too bad. You need to... Yeah. I have to start it first. Okay. Okay. Okay. Go again. All second phase, conceptual design. It's fine. Everybody knows what we're talking about. So, yeah. Take you past minutes of last meeting again. Again, you get your three present date to see what you came up with. So too bad we don't have any finance information, apparently. So... It's too bad. So then we'll just have to go on the other information that we have to make the... make file decisions on a conceptual design. So... There you go. Anyway, last... last... just because last time you'll remember that. That we have to keep the electronics size in mind. So it goes for you. We have to have an easy design with big buttons which are durable. And there are people actually spend... willing to spend money to do... to get more features. And among those features, LCD screen and voice recognition are very popular. So we have to make a move on that area, I guess. Especially when the new component is applicable in our product will be fine. Anyways, well, Deltic wasn't important and that's what I took. The consumer, yeah, we came for young consumers, so that's fine. And... actually, yeah, we did need some more data on finances, but yeah, we still don't have that apparently. That's too bad. Yeah, we need to... we are going to implement the beep in the flash thing to recover your remote. So while these interchangeable covers apparently, which will make it a more fashionable product. Going... decisions anyway. So we'll have to do this after the... after you give your presentation. So I'll just close this one now. And let's... let's see. Okay, what's the name? Why is it a lot to tell? You had a lot to go on, so I'll let you go first. Okay. Okay. Let's see where my... my presentation is. Okay. This, I mentioned before, every feature of our remote control needed to have their own operating electronic devices. We need to take care of that. Then, warning, there has to be a chip in our remote control and the chip requirements needed for a normal button. It's just a simple chip. Scroll wheel, regular, and LCD is an advanced. Of course, this is more expensive than this. So we have to decide on that in a minute. The available components for energy are... we have a basic battery, a hand and a dynamo, like in old torches. We have a kinetic provision, then you have to shake your remote control to get energy, and we have sold ourselves. I suggest that we decide on that one immediately, then I have all this. My personal favorite is the kinetic provision, because... Does it provide enough energy? I think so. Yes. Also, if we were to choose the LCD option, we would have given it energy. Okay. Because I have the information, you take the remote control, you pick it up at least two times a day. So then it's already shaken and gives... I'm not sure if it's shaken enough, because... Is that enough? Because I don't really see people shaking their remote... No, I don't think so, because watches can go on kinetic energy because they move all the time, but I mean, the remote lies still, I think, like 99% of the time. So I don't think that's a... The other terms were solar cells, and I think that's applicable. Other options are solar cells, hand dynamo, and basic battery. Why shouldn't we take a basic battery? Rechargeable, man. Only a basic battery. Everybody knows how to use that. It's common, and it's available everywhere. But I think this rules out our unit, our rechargeable unit. This is a really basic battery, a normal battery. Yeah, it wasn't in the options of rechargeable modular washing. Okay, that's a... No, no, no. Okay, yeah, of course you could place rechargeable batteries, but that's up to the consumer itself. Okay, but then we don't offer a rechargement function. That's what it's... Well, it's not in the list, so we kind of choose from it. Exactly. Right, right. The batteries. Next one is gurving. We can make a model that has one curve, two or three. And... The shape. Of course, the more... The more expensive. The more control itself. Exactly. I was thinking along the line of one curve, I'll show that in my design. Okay, we'll get back to that. So, we'll get back to that. I think one curve is fine. But what way implications depends on the use? If it occurs, it gets more expensive. More expensive. Okay, so I think with the extra use and we had there, it's two curves, I suppose. Okay. And I believe even that the number of options we have on putting things in it goes down. Also decreases, okay. Exactly. Material. I have to offer a plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. If we choose plastic, we cannot choose solar cells for energy. If we choose titanium, we cannot use more than one curve. But we don't have one curve, right? Okay, I... I go for plastic because I have a couple of curves in my design. Let's just get back to that. Okay, we have... So, I think we can rule that. I'm not sure we can't really think. I will do that when you get to your side. I think wood is not an option either. No, wood is not an option. No, wood is not an option. It's stylish. We can... You can change your covers anyway. Okay. My personal thought was rubber because I had an email, I believe it was from you. Yeah, keep in mind that it's... It's remote control is a lot in the ground, so you don't want it to break. So, you either have rubber edges or rubber remote control is very durable. It doesn't have to be unbreakable because we... Not to be unbreakable. We need to keep selling these things. It's not supposed to break after one use. Okay, well that's... They follow up. Definitely true. I think we have to decide in this anyway because if you make removable covers, it has to be one of those materials. We have no more than this. So... Well, will rubber actually protect the remote control itself? Well, yeah, for example, if you take hard plastic, if it falls in my crack. And rubber kind of... Yeah, but then you buy a new cover. But rubber... I'm not sure if it's the entire cover you change. Are we focusing on the... We're focusing very much on the covers now. I think it's just... Now we're going for the basic design. If we want to expand our options, be fashionable. Then we can get changeable covers. But I think the basic thing... Let's just rule out wood for now and continue. Are we focusing on the younger people or the elder people? We're definitely focusing on younger people because that was our main goal. Alright. Then I proceed, but I need to know after this meeting. Okay, okay. Have a go. Interface. I have four things to offer. The normal push buttons, of course. We have a lot of expertise on that one. We have a large history, our company, on push buttons. Screw wheels, those can be pushed as well, although that is more expensive. Liquid crystal color display. And... What is this? Okay, and if we use rubber, I would recommend that we can only use rubber buttons. So rubber can only match with rubber. Which one of those are we going to use? Push buttons, that's... I think... Of course we're going to use... I did not go into the thought of a scroll wheel, actually. And still deciding on what could you use it for? I think it's channel. I think that would be annoying because it might accidentally scroll onto another channel. I think a push button for channel would be better. I mean, for a volume control, it's a smoother motion. You can just increase or decrease. If you're for a channel, it's not really necessary. I don't think so. I haven't taken it to consideration. But I think we really need one. My investigation turns out that the younger people want a little bit of material that is... Splashy. And... I think we're cool. Scroll wheel. It's not that much. If we take a normal scroll wheel without a pushing, then it's not expensive. We can do that. Why do we need it? Why would we use it? I don't need it. If it's not a wide screen, why put it in here? If it's not something people are looking for, it's useful. I think they are looking for that. Of course we have a young target group. So they might find that... It's not useful. I don't think it gives an extra function to the robot. Anyway. So push buttons we will use LCD screen. Perhaps. I have a... What do you get on the LCD screen? Is it expensive? I only know that if we are using that we need an advanced chip in it. And that is small. And how much more expensive is that? I have no idea. I have no absolute numbers. Absolute numbers. But it's just more expensive and takes more room I suppose. But I don't think the room is really an issue. No, I think it's an issue. Okay. Let's go for... Let's say because it is very hot in our target group. I think we should take into consideration to build an LCD screen. I have two designs. One including an LCD screen. Okay. Which is basically the Deluxe Edition. And then I also have a Standard Edition which we can also choose to develop to. We basically have the same functionality by the Lexi LCD screen. Exactly. Okay. We'll pick from there. Just combine everything later. Okay. Electronix. The first one is a chip that's not on one option. It has to be an advanced one now because we have the LCD screen. Then we have an infrared sender. I think that's basic. It's not a remote. And we have the sample sensor and speaker. The voice recognition thing. Are we going to do that or not? Once again, I would ask you if it's expensive but apparently you don't have any data. I would have relative... What was exactly what you got on the new component? I got me feel that it's relatively small. It's small. So we can implement it. Yes. So why if it's small and we can't... why shouldn't we? Yeah. And there's... That goes to my smart view report. What was the last number of how many people were interested in voice recognition? Although it's hard for different countries of course. The most of them. A chip. Programmer yourself I suppose. With your own voice. More than 60% of the people would like your recognition. Me know for 70% I think. I have to look it up. If it's small, if it's fit, if people like it, why not? But don't we have any information about scroll wheel? If people would like that. No. Because that's the same story. It's not necessary. Like NeltyD but it adds something to the... Yeah but we got some data on people that actually are interested in that. And I don't think scroll wheel offers new functionality. And the most people. Whereas speaker recognition and as these three do offer new functionality in your product. But I think we now already have to implement an advanced chip. I think so. Because if I think we're especially if you're going maybe if you have the two additions you want to give out. Probably you have one with speed recognition and. Well they basically can have speed recognition. Mainly focused on the LCD aspect. Hold on a minute. Were you finished? No. That's okay. Because if there's something else. If you wanted to see them. Did you have all the materials or anything? This was the last one. This was the last one. Just go for design for now. Just have a seat for a second. Combine everything. This is basically the deluxe edition. Why is it squared? Why did you pick square? Why did it... Why did it... It basically has some futuristic tension. I don't really know but I just thought that in normal remote controls you have like smooth curves and this and that. And this is something new. This is something different. Something fresh. It's true. And basically what you can see here is that it has a little, yeah, that's a gap which you can put your finger in. Okay so just you can hold it really comfortable. That's basically the. It's only the right hand and then. Or left hand. It's a curve inside the thing. As you can see this is the. It's on the back. Oh on the back okay. You can't really see that well but this is the LCD screen. So just imagine it goes that way. Oh yeah. You can see you can hold it in your left or in your right hand. And I also made a quick image because I did not have that much time. Of the standard edition. Which is basically the keys are pretty much the same. Keys are probably the number keys I suppose. Yeah. I had to do this really fast so excuse me for the year. Inconvenient here. As you can see the keys moved. Well you can work on the actual console or actual design later with. So these are basically the two types we have. So if we were to select the LCD screen. The transmitter here you can see the lights. One thing you have to keep in mind is that you're moving the number keys from the top. And the simple design you have to mount a top. And the complex design you have to mount the bottom. So what that would give is a totally different design. So which actually making a whole different product instead of two different models. I think it would be very expensive to produce two whole different products. Well we can shift that but normally as you can see there we put the number button. The number button right on top. Whereas because we have the LCD screen here we had to move them downwards. So what you could say. For example why did you pick the numbers all the way below and the channels and volume control. Because these are basically the functions you use the most. So if you hold it in your hand like this. You put your finger in the gap. This is the most easy part. Okay. Because people are zapping most of the time. And they took it into consideration what people would prefer. Okay if you all agree I'm fine with it. Okay. So that's pretty much which I had in mind as you can see here. This can be spaced for extra keys or just be designed. Maybe it's better to look at what the people want. Yeah. So I can show my investigation. I think we're going towards the deluxe edition anyway. Yeah. Especially for young people. Where is that? That's mine. Oh. Now you should send it to the folder first. Okay. Let's just assume we go for a given. Okay now it must be there. Yeah. Here it is. Okay. The investigation turns out that the most people want to look and feel like. This is the same as before but it must be a little bit fancier than the look of it. The second important thing is it must be technological and evaitive. So the LCD screen is perfect I think. And not the speech recognition. Yeah. That's very important. And the third thing is it should be easy to use. So not too much buttons and channel selection. I think that's what you showed is perfect. And what the young people want is in Paris and in Milan. It showed out that the fruit and vegetables are trendy. You see it in the clothes and everything. And the contrast of it, the buttons, most a little bit spongey material. So Robert I think that's the best. That would be the best as a material to do. So we were focusing on the younger people. So the elder. They wanted a little bit of wood in it and that's not important now. It could be a cover but it's not. It focuses on the young audience. So let's stick to that. I thought it makes a young classic remote with. I think in this case you're losing the focus on the group. That's what we're focusing on. A spongey feel gives us rubber. With the fruit. Yeah, with the cover or something like that. Yeah, maybe also I tend to disagree with the sharp form. If you're saying fruits and vegetables, maybe it's supposed to be a little more round. A form of a vegetable or a fruit. Yeah, but that's just more a trend thing. The idea now is that you can put a cover on it, for example, with fruit like a shape or whatever. I think shape is an important part because it'll be something completely different and then you have your apple shaped remote control, which is not trendy anymore. So I think that's more something you can focus. Well, you can do a smoothie edges indeed, but that will bring extra expenses. Maybe just make it into a smooth curve instead of just a sharp tooth. Oh, fruits and vegetables are round, so it's better. I think there needs to be a little... I think it's too sharp. The edges are too sharp. The bottom is fine, of course, if it's square. They just make the top a little rounded off on the sides. I think according to my information, this would be two curves. That would be two curves. That would be one left and one right. And that's this ables, what was it again? That's something that we're going to do then. You could also make the curve go through it, but that would make the top round. We've got one curve here. Okay, that's not a problem. That's why for the titanium. We can have one here. It's not for the trendy thing of it. No, no, no, no, no, no, but I'm just... Because you mentioned that more curves are more expensive, so I'm just taking that. Okay, but that's a titanium. Titanium would give us only one curve. Yeah, but we don't have a nitrogen. We're not using titanium. No, but we picked rubber, right? Right, we did. So basically what we can do is make the board edges a little bit less sharp, but the problem then is that it will start to resemble the remote controls as we have them today. We were looking at something fresh, something trendy. Well, actually we're setting ourselves apart from by technology alone, actually. So that... Let's see what you're doing. These are what they call the curves. This side. Okay, I don't think... Like that. Not really the curves on the side of the... No, no, this is what they... What do they mean? Oh, okay, that's basically... Okay, now I understand why they have more like... Why the curves decrease the size of the electrons that can be inside. Okay. I don't think the outside would be called as a curve, really. Yeah, that's right. Thanks for all the basic model looking from the side. Anyway... Well, I should come up with some designs fast anyway. But you can make... If you want to use fruit in the... Okay. But isn't the fruit like a cover thing? Well, we shouldn't focus on the most... Yeah, it covers because a lot of things we came up with... You shouldn't be too focused on the covers because... No, it is. It's kind of an idea of our own, but we're not sure if we can actually make that. But if we put that directly into the design... We limit ourselves extremely because that's just for one... That's one thing I'm all afraid of with this one because the edges are really... They might stick out on the side. For example, if you have a basic design, a little smaller on the edges... You could put more covers on it, one with squared or sharp corners if you want to. Okay, so that's... Just rounded off a little, I guess, because we have more options. We like it to go a little bit more like this. I think so, because it looks leaner and... Okay. You should just go with that. Anyway, you have all the time in the world to make the final design in a minute with him. So we decided on what did you guys want to know again because this is... Anyway, I'll fire up my thing. Don't do a decision. Present everything you wanted to. Yep. I can... I think we can make a conclusion. We have decided so far. We still need to decide on a couple of things you needed to know. Yeah. Okay, anyway. Energy. Choose regular batteries. Yeah. The chip is advanced because we have the advanced features. The case will be... the material will be rubber, I suppose, in the design we talked about. Use interface type. Well, I think we... To call the components separately what we want. Let's see. Supplements. I'm not sure about that. Anyway. Apparently you guys should work together on the final design, both on internal and external design. So... Yeah, you should probably find out how the product will fall into the market, how it's going to happen with the final design as we have it now. Yeah, of course you get your specific instructions as usual. So... There's been some more I think we're in pretty much in agreement actually, which is good. We all in agreement about the, well, the primary structure of my design. Let's see where the pen goes. Like the keys there. Yeah, I'll open your thing again. So you won't... if you can come up with anything new. I'll just do it in the next one. So what would give us... your design would be... the lights would be on top, right? Yeah. One on each side. To create a kind of disco effect when you... It was basically... Is it the lights for finding the remote or the lights that... Lights for the finding of the remote. We can also use one light for showing that the signal is being sent. I think that would just be a simple lead or something. Like that's not that important, of course. It's just like a matter of a beep if you... that you just know that there's contacts on it. I think that's super important. But... So we have the teletext we have here. We have the mute LCD screen. This is the on off button. And speech recognition. Speech recognition. I... what did I imagine? I did that pretty much over here. You could use it like this. Record and... Speak to it. Then you have the... Extra keys for teletext, mute two buttons which can be pretty much anything or nothing. We can also just not use them. Let's see. Just main controls and they keep it. Yeah. One light here. I'm just making it red now but there would be any color. We find. Okay. Whatever. Fine. Anyway. What do we have here? I'll make it... Are we going to use square buttons around ones actually? Personally, I'd prefer around ones. Yeah, but that... This was just in the design. Yeah. I had a square design so I had... Okay. But in that case, round buttons would be more... Okay, I see it. So we take our round power button right here. Whatever. Back to black. Not too big though. I guess it would be good. Let's see. Where are these for? Extra controls. Yeah. Okay. Left one. Teletext and the right one is mute. And these two buttons are not necessary or... If we go for round buttons in general, do we want the menu key in the middle to be round? For example, if you... Let's see. Put it this here. I think we'll go with the triangles though. Come on. Yeah, the triangles would be best indeed. Triangles are good. They're a little too big now. Anyway. Okay. So do you want, for example... Round button in the middle or square one? I personally think that a round button looks a bit silly. I'm not sure. Just carry it with it. This aligns nicely. Okay. We'll just take the round button. I suppose. Oh, the square button. Sorry. Does everybody agree on that? Yeah. That's not a round button. That's not a big deal. There's our numbers. I think we need an extra button here, of course, for the higher numbers. You could include a button here for the mute, I suppose, for something else. Just to... Yeah, you can't... But it's not necessary. It's not necessary because you can take this away, but there looks like there's a hole there. Just to mirror the effect. Okay. So we have a few... Put it on the logo there. No, I think it would be nice to put the logo here, for example, if you have some buttons here. We could put a logo here because it's very... What about... Oh, it's in your field of vision, if you're watching it. The LCD screen, blah, blah. What about a button for your favorite channel? Could include either here... With the extra control here, for example. Now, it's getting a little bit too crowded up there. I know. You have to shoot it up here. So it can basically be the button down below, or one of the four buttons. But this one has favorite channel. One of the four. It's been a day. I think. One of these four, okay. One of the four is... So favorite channel? What? What? One of the four... Because it's really confusing to have 12 buttons down there because you're only accustomed to 11. I'd say. You're accustomed to 11? Okay. How did you worry? I mean... I think this looks rather... Like there's something missing, for example. I mean, why wouldn't you include... Because there's a piece of electronics down there there anyway. So why don't you give it a function? It could be anything. Or you could also shift the two buttons to be nicely aligned. No, I don't think because this is zero. You wouldn't zero to be misaligned with the rest. Anyway, so it's the basic design we want to have on and off. What are we missing? We're missing an okay button, but we have a button up there. Okay, so we want the remote to be this side view, actually, where I'm going to draw. So... Probably think you want the curve to be here. So have your finger under here like this? Yeah. Okay. So it's just going to be... One is straight, or what? Let's keep it at this. So it would be like this. Do you want something interesting with it? Or... Let's see. Or give us a light here. Maybe it's a board. Do you want it curved? Or what? Maybe you want... Oh, I think it looks better curved, but that's probably... What gives a design problem? Because we have a camera. It can be curved, because it's a little bit more... It can be curved. I think so. That's why I asked it. Okay, so... I would give off the hole, actually. I would give off the hole like... Now it hangs over your hands a little bit. Oh, crap. And it's well balanced, and you don't drop it easily. Anyway, I'll show you one... Two... A little more like this. Yeah, something like this. And just... Yes, exactly. Stop the curve here, or continue it. I think continue. Like that. Yeah. Then that's also... Yeah, I'll show you these screens. It looks like a banana. Yeah. It's made of yellow. It's fruit. Yeah. It's perfect. Sorry if you're asked to use a screen right here. Suppose... That would make... We use the colors now. Maybe once we can make it... Maybe once we can make a special edition in a quarter with Shakita. Yeah. That's how it's sponsored. You've got sponsored now, you get a free one with every package of Kita. But it's a good trade-off for them. If they can have their logo on it. So, give the buttons here. They can design their own cover. They might want to be... I suppose... I suppose we can put... Yeah. Let's see. Perhaps they can use it. We can have a special edition. I suppose we can put the batteries in here because it has the most space, for example. Won't that be a problem with the LCD screen? I don't think so. Because it's the biggest part of the... Yeah, but the LCD screen probably needs quite a chip. I think this is possible. I think it's possible. I think it's the best place to put them here. It doesn't matter. It can actually place a chip for the LCD screen at the bottom and wire it. That's not appropriate. So, we put the batteries here. That's fine. Yeah. Blah. I think we get the error. Um... Hey, what are we missing here? There's something... a speech recognition. Um... Where do we want the microphone, for example, to be on the side or on the... For example, on top, like here. Basically the idea that I had, I think, to be pretty much in combination with the transmitter. You can talk to it like this. Okay. I thought it may either be here or because it might interfere with the transmitter. I'm not sure. Uh... because transmitter would be here. Well, the email said it was quite a small component, so I don't see it. Once again, like I said, the component can be somewhere at the bottom where we wired the microphone up there. Anyway... Um... Yeah, it could be to be here or make a double microphone. Hmm. How in mind? It is, I believe, also able to talk. It's able to talk to you. I have a sample sensor and a speaker sensor. A speaker sensor. Ah, the speaker sensor we already have, but I don't know what they exactly mean by a sample sensor. Could it talk back? Like, a gift confirmation or something. I think it can. I think if you have a speech recognition component... I think so, yeah. I think it could. It's not that hard to put in either. Yeah. I mean, it could be... All this stuff could be integrated into the LCD screen, which could navigate with this, I suppose. Navigate through everything. I think the advance option should be... I think the advance option could also be integrated into the LCD screen, of course, because you don't have to have a button for everything. You can just navigate through your menu that you have here for advance options with this. I think that would be fine. That would be making use of the LCD screen. Hmm. We already have a sound component, by the way, for the beep. So, beep, beep, beep. Um... So the flashing of the beep, we have... Well, anything we could... Yeah, you could put a speaker or something on the side, for example. We have to have one at the side. I need to draw those again. Whatever. Looks stupid. So, what's basically the idea now? I think this is pretty. We need to stay here and work out. I'm not sure. I should be getting a new one here, because we are supposed to, five minutes, to finish the meeting. Oh, like, my... The idea for that I got was that we're going to work on our own, because we are going to do the market. Yeah. Analyzing it. I'm supposed to do the little work on the year-end report, the project report. Okay. Hmm. Okay. I suppose... Everybody satisfied with the current design we have? Yes. So, it's supposed to be rubber. I think the remote control is going to be black. We forgot to talk about... I mean, the company colors are important, apparently. So, we have to logo up there. So, are we going to... These colors are black? Yes, but... And yellow. And yellow, of course. We can use yellow buttons or yellow navigation or whatever. I would change. I would take a yellow... Yellow... Yellow control. It's for young people. Yeah, but when you use... You need to be... It's the color of... Don't stick yourself on the covers right now. You have a neutral color on the base. But don't stick yourself on the cover, because... No, we're designing the remote control now, but... Taking that into consideration, it's better to have a neutral base color than to have a flashy... Yeah, but the info... I think we should go with the company color, because it's specifically for the Agafler Project Board. So, people want to... A trendy... Or something... Or something... So, it's called... Black cover with yellow buttons or vice versa. And I would say take a yellow cover on black buttons. It is more trendy. Not too weird. Then take a yellow... take a yellow... yellow remote control. So, let's see if we can doodle that onto it. Just basic colors. Red. Yeah, we have some in color already. You know what? I'm not going to do this. I think it's a good thing. It'll be different than... Doodle and Fool with us a nice design for the next meeting. We'll be done. I think we're all happy now. I still don't have my scroll wheel, though. I don't know where we can actually put it. Let's go. I'm not sure. I have no clue what we could use a scroll wheel for. You could use it for the channels of volume, but it takes space. It takes value. No, that's not my point. It's not because it's functional, but it's just to add to the design, to have it flashy. If it has no function, I agree. I'm not sure if it has no function, why even put it there? Anything you have no function. So much to think of a scroll, a single section, or a full volume. I think channel selection would be annoying because you could scroll past the channel. Let's vote on that. We don't have to talk about it any longer. What do you want? Interud. Basically, out of the city. You are out of the city. You are out of the city. Okay. No scroll wheel. Okay. I don't see anything missing, really. Yeah, we should do that. We don't have to find it. I have all my answers. I'm not sure if we're going to get finance anyway. I thought it was going to be an issue at the first time we started. I thought it was going to be a cost issue, which material we were going to take. I have one question. To the advanced chips or anything, so just do whatever you like. I don't have one question with the material, but I don't have information that I think. I think I'm chosen rubber. Rubber is not expensive. No, but can we make yellow rubber? I think so. You can make rubber any color. In any color. I mean, you can't make yellow titanium, but we can make yellow rubber. We don't use removable cover. We can make, for example, it's just something you can click on it. That's about it. Apparently, it's not something we're working with in the basis of. Maybe later. Maybe we can. It can be done.