Speaker A: I am so comfortable.
Speaker B: I'm going to like Taiwan and other places too.
Speaker A: The first place I can have a meal with is the best restaurant in my career.
Speaker E: I'm just one of the most frustrating meetings of my career.
Speaker C: It's definitely not the most frustrating meeting I've ever had.
Speaker B: Remember you're being recorded at this point.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We need to specify it with whom.
Speaker F: So that's why Keith and I are going to be a little bit used for the first half of the meeting.
Speaker F: I avoided that as long as I couldn't.
Speaker E: I'm very appreciative of that.
Speaker E: I know you were doing that.
Speaker C: How did it exactly that paperly Danny like breaks?
Speaker E: I have to tell you what they're up to.
Speaker E: I love that story.
Speaker E: It's a great story.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Oh my goodness.
Speaker D: Oh yeah.
Speaker D: This is just that we could start off by doing the digits all at the same time.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: All at the same time.
Speaker C: I don't know if I would get distracted and confused probably.
Speaker F: Are you being silly?
Speaker C: Everybody's got different digits right?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: You're kidding.
Speaker F: Any rate?
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker D: This is what I want to hear.
Speaker D: This is transcript L6-4-3-7-4-1.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: This is a 6.
None: 85はいいわ 3All 6-0center 5All 6-1 That's a great meeting.
None: Now, why?
Speaker D: Just, just a few times.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: It doesn't matter for them.
Speaker B: Are we gonna start all our meetings out that way for no one?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: I kind of like it.
Speaker B: Could we?
Speaker B: It's a satisfy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's so cool.
Speaker C: Are we there just to make sure I know what's going on.
Speaker C: We're talking about Robert's thesis proposal today.
Speaker C: Is that we?
Speaker D: We are.
Speaker D: We might.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: Well, you said there were two things that you might want to do.
Speaker F: One was rehearse your...
Speaker C: Oh, yes.
Speaker D: Not rehearse.
Speaker D: I mean, I have just not spent any time on it.
Speaker D: So I can show you what I've got, get your input on it, and maybe some suggestions that would be great.
Speaker D: And the same is true for the proposal.
Speaker D: I will have time to do some revision and some additional stuff on various airplanes and trains.
Speaker D: So, I don't know how much of a chance you had to actually read it.
Speaker D: Because...
Speaker D: But you could always send me comments for an electronic mail.
Speaker D: And they will be incorporated.
Speaker D: The...
Speaker D: It basically says, well, this is Construle, and then it continues to say that one could potentially build a probabilistic relational model that has some general domain general rules, how things are construed, and then the idea is to use a entology situation user and discourse model to instantiate elements in the classes of the probabilistic relational model to do some inferences in terms of what is being construed as what?
Speaker D: In our beloved tourism domain.
Speaker D: But with the focus on this, this is good.
Speaker E: I need a copy of this, yes.
Speaker E: Can I get a copy around?
Speaker C: Yes, I can pass my extra copy around.
Speaker C: Okay, you can read it.
Speaker C: You can read it.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: Actually, this is the newest version after your comments.
Speaker F: Yeah, no, I see this has got the castle in it and stuff like that.
Speaker C: Oh, maybe the version I didn't have.
Speaker C: Did the one you sent on the email?
Speaker C: Have the...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That was the most recent one?
Speaker F: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because I read halfway, but I didn't see a castle thing.
Speaker B: I'm changing this.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: If you would have checked your email, you may have received a note from you, as you to send me the...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: Current formulas.
Speaker B: I will.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: But for this, it doesn't matter.
Speaker B: We can talk about it later.
Speaker B: That's not even ready, so.
Speaker B: Okay, go on to it, whatever.
Speaker B: I'm making changes to not worry about that.
Speaker B: Oh, okay, sorry.
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker D: In any type of comment, whether it's a spelling or a syntax or...
Speaker D: I don't really want to see it.
Speaker E: I just want to ask an interesting...
Speaker E: I'm page five.
Speaker E: Interesting.
Speaker B: Anyway.
Speaker B: Email anytime, but most useful before...
Speaker C: The 21st, I'm assuming.
Speaker D: The 21st?
Speaker D: The 21st.
Speaker C: Today's the 21st.
Speaker C: I'll better hurry up.
Speaker A: Oh, man.
Speaker A: The 29th.
Speaker A: The 29th.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: That's when I'm meeting with Wafeng Walsh, or to sell him this idea.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Then I'm also going to present a little talk at email.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: About what we have done here.
Speaker D: And so, of course, I'm going to start out with this slide.
Speaker D: So, the most relevant aspects of our stay here.
Speaker D: And then I'm asking them to imagine that they're standing somewhere in Hydeburg and someone asked them in the morning.
Speaker D: The cave 45 is a well-known discotheque, which is certainly not open at that time.
Speaker D: And so, they're supposed to imagine that, you know, do they think the person wants to go there, or just know where it is?
Speaker D: Which is probably not the case in that discotheque example.
Speaker D: In the Bavaria example, it just want to know where it is.
Speaker D: And so, basically, we can make a point that here is where we can make a point that here is ontological knowledge.
Speaker D: But if it's 9 p.m. in the evening, then the discotheque question would be, for example, one that might ask for directions, sort of just location.
Speaker D: And so forth.
Speaker D: And so forth.
Speaker D: That's sort of motivating it.
Speaker D: Then what have we done?
Speaker D: So, while we had our little bit of smart com stuff that we did.
Speaker D: I would have done the parser done.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: That's not the construction parser.
Speaker D: That's the template paste.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Parser and the generation.
Speaker D: Halfway done?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's done.
Speaker D: You actually change the strategies, right?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's 10 words.
Speaker C: Well, it, you know, maybe 12.
Speaker D: 12?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And, um, and phase doing the synthesis stuff as we speak.
Speaker D: That's all about that.
Speaker D: Then I'm going to talk about the data.
Speaker D: You know these things about, actually, have an example.
Speaker D: Probably.
Speaker D: Two.
Speaker D: Can you hear that?
Speaker D: We should have turned the volume on.
Speaker C: I can hear it.
Speaker C: They might not hear it in the...
Speaker C: Or maybe it will.
Speaker B: Where are you going to take my club?
Speaker B: This was the natural subjects.
Speaker B: It sounds like fake.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But they're mimicking the synthesis when they speak to the computer.
Speaker D: You can observe that all the time.
Speaker D: They're trying to match their prosody onto the machine.
None: The positive thing is, who is the young cancer?
Speaker E: Oh, it's pretty slow.
None: Where is it?
Speaker D: I wonder whoærr 2gsan the average 22kL.
Speaker B: What is this? Oh
Speaker D: Okay, answer for, answer for. I will talk about problems with the refraising and how we solved it and some preliminary observations also. I'm not going to put in the figures from this, but I thought it would be interesting to point out that it's basically the same.
Speaker D: It is an every human-human telephone conversation and the human computer telephone conversation is of course quite different from some first observations.
Speaker D: Then sort of feature back to our original problem, because how to get there, but actually is happening there today.
Speaker D: And then maybe talk about the big picture here. Tell a little bit as much as I can about the ETL story.
Speaker D: I'm not quite sure about this, whether I should put this in, that you have these two sort of different ideas that are different camps of people envisioning how language understanding works.
Speaker D: And then talk a little bit about the embodied simulation approach, pivot here, and as a prelude, talk about monkeys in Italy.
Speaker D: And Thrinny was going to send me some slides, but he didn't do it. So from that I have to paper, I can mic a resume of that.
Speaker D: I stole an X-Skima from one of your talks, I think.
Speaker A: I was like, where'd you get that? It looks familiar.
Speaker D: I think that's Bergen Chang, something with the other.
Speaker D: I'm not going to bring that. So that's basically what I have so far, the rest is for airplanes.
Speaker D: So X-Skimas, then I would like to talk about the construction aspect and then at the end about our basenet.
Speaker D: End of story.
Speaker D: Anything I forgot that we should mention?
Speaker D: Now maybe the FMRI stuff. Should I mention the fact that we're also actually starting to start to look at people's brains in a more direct way?
Speaker B: I just want to like tack that on as a comment.
Speaker D: Future activities, something.
Speaker F: It's hard to mention that you mentioned that when you talk about mirror neurons, then you should talk about the recent stuff about the Tiki.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker F: And the man has seen how to explain the same phenomenon that we're talking about.
Speaker F: So that's the end of the work that I'm going to do.
None: So that's one thing.
None: It depends. There is a language learning story.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Actually, even on your black face, you've got a role where the picture is in the bottom.
Speaker D: Yeah. I do have it here.
Speaker D: And of course, the big picture is this bit.
Speaker D: But I don't think I am capable of putting this off and doing justice to the matter.
Speaker D: I mean, there is interesting stuff in terms of how language works.
Speaker D: So the emergentism story would be nice to tell people what's happening there.
Speaker D: Plus how the language learning stuff works.
Speaker D: But...
None: I mean, I think that's not...
None: What is it?
None: It may not be that you might want to...
None:...and the slides are...
None:...simulation.
Speaker D: Yeah. That comes up to the ex-schema slide.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So basically, I'm going to steal that from Nancy.
Speaker B: Okay. I can give you a more recent...
Speaker B:...if you want.
Speaker D: Well, that might help.
Speaker D: But I also have stuff you trash you left over, your quals and your triple AI.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Which I can even email you that, you know, like the probably was a few changes.
Speaker B: Not big deal.
Speaker B: Yeah, you could steal anything you want, actually.
Speaker B: You already done, obviously.
Speaker D: I don't feel bad about it at all because you are on the title.
Speaker B: That's great. That's great.
Speaker D: And glad to see the complication.
Speaker D: Provocated?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's great.
Speaker D: I mean, you might even mention that this work you're doing is sort of also with the MPI in Liptsick.
Speaker B: It's certainly related.
Speaker D: Because email is building up a huge thing in Liptsick.
Speaker D: Is it?
Speaker D: It's a bio-computation.
None: This is the DNA building.
Speaker B: How do you look at building?
Speaker B: Kind of a different level of analysis.
Speaker F: You have multiple buildings at the moment.
Speaker C: All sorts of clear things.
Speaker C: They're building in the shape of DNA.
Speaker E: So you said...
None: What?
Speaker E: That's really annoying.
Speaker F: I mean, I spent a lot of money there.
Speaker F: I spent a few hours doing this.
Speaker C: Oh, you definitely want to...
Speaker C: What's the building?
Speaker C: Don't want to waste that money on research.
Speaker C: It's horrible.
Speaker F: You didn't build with research.
Speaker B: I think you did more money.
Speaker B: They just want a fun place for them to...
Speaker E: And everybody gets a trampoline in there often.
Speaker D: The offices are actually a little...
Speaker D: You think of ramps coming out of the double headaches.
Speaker D: And then you have these half-doms.
Speaker D: Class half-doms.
Speaker D: And the offices are in the class half-dom.
Speaker E: All right, let's start talking about this.
Speaker E: Does it exist yet?
Speaker D: Is it a model?
Speaker D: I think it's...
None: It's a lot of...
None: It's interactive.
None: It's a little bit of a system.
None: And...
Speaker F: The combination of the biology and the likes of the invention.
None: And that's...
Speaker D: I mean, another of that was talking about your thesis.
Speaker D: Yeah, if somebody has something to say.
Speaker E: You might want to double check the spellings of the author's names on your references.
Speaker E: You had a few misspells in your slides there.
Speaker E: Like, I believe you had Jack and Dorf.
None: Unless there's a person called Jack and Dorf.
None: On that one.
Speaker E: That's the only thing I noticed in there.
Speaker B: In the presentation?
Speaker B: I'll probably have comments for you separately.
Speaker B: Oh, in the presentation?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's actually worried about Biptech.
Speaker D: No, that's quite possible.
Speaker D: It's copy and paste from something.
Speaker F: So I think it looks like...
Speaker D: It did.
Speaker D: There is a reference to Srini.
Speaker F: Oh, did you put in something about...
Speaker F: Metalline metaphor here, right?
Speaker F: The individual...
Speaker F: We talked about putting in something about people and...
None: Oh, yeah, okay.
None: Good.
None: I see where you have it.
Speaker F: I think that's the problem.
None: What I think is...
Speaker F: I think even if you put this...
Speaker F: It's a little bit of a false verb.
None: Unless you put it there, it's a verb.
None: I think we talked about scalability yet by...
None: Binding and destruction.
None: General Constructural mechanism.
Speaker D: Is that in there?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's good for us.
Speaker D: But I did not focus on that aspect, but...
Speaker D: It's just underneath that reference to metaphor.
Speaker D: So it's last paragraph before, so on page two, a main focus.
Speaker D: But it's pretty...
Speaker D: It's not about that, yeah.
Speaker D: No, it says it, but it doesn't say it does.
Speaker D: Why?
Speaker D: It doesn't give much of a...
Speaker F: Okay, let me tell you what.
None: I think the punchline is because it's actually working.
Speaker F: Which is that the constructions that...
None:...are doing...
None:...are in a way quite...
Speaker F:...but cover only base cases.
None: And to make them a fine...
Speaker F:...to work with cases, an inmate cases, and all those things.
Speaker F: It requires additional mechanism of...
Speaker F:...and the punchline is...
None:...then...
None:...right, you can get essentially your flogginality...
None:...that you have to do some new construction...
None:...at the base level.
None: It should interact with all the metatonnes and metaphors...
Speaker F:...and all of the projections of it also should work.
Speaker F: And similarly, it's the new metaphor...
None:...and it should...
Speaker E:...compose with all the constructions.
None: That's true, they're...
None:...it's a big way of...
Speaker C: So does that mean instead of having tens and tens of rules in your...
Speaker C:...contextually grammar, you just have...
Speaker C:...these base constructions and then general mechanism for co-wersing in them.
Speaker C: So that, for example, in the metaphor case...
None:...the every time direct idea of source path and goal...
None:...and any metaphor will be tensed, right?
Speaker A: And you can say grammar is the same thing.
None: But the trick is...
None:...the way the constructions...
Speaker F:...it requires the logic of the position...
None:...for example, the heat as well, trouble is in the containers...
Speaker C:...which is extremely stressful.
None: So that's where...
Speaker C: So with constriction, you don't have to have a construction...
Speaker C:...for every possible thing to can fill the rule.
None: It's a very big deal if you have to string work here.
None: This is probably the same as the other.
None: I don't think so.
Speaker D: That doesn't say it at all, but...
None:...even though...
Speaker D:...even though...
Speaker D:...if there are basic cases, even...
Speaker D:...it seems like nothing is context free.
Speaker F: But walked into the cafe and ordered a drink...
None:...and walked into the cafe and broke his nose.
Speaker D: It doesn't mean there are any reasons.
Speaker D: It can't be explained.
Speaker D: It's a normal word, it's a physical object.
Speaker F: So it's multiple of the rules.
Speaker F: And if I take this part...
Speaker F:...it's a very simple thing.
Speaker F: It's a normal rule.
Speaker F: And if I take part of what we've done...
Speaker A:...it's just interaction we can leave the analysis...
Speaker A:...and it can stroll.
None: So yeah, it doesn't mean that you can't do it a go-play.
None: It does say that...
Speaker E:...if you walk into a cafe and you walk into a cafe...
None:...it's not consistent with other things.
None: You got to reject that reading.
Speaker C: You can't...
Speaker C:...dition me with your first sentence.
Speaker C: And so I thought, why would he walk into the cafe and then...
Speaker C:...somehow break his nose?
Speaker E: Just flip it on the way forward.
Speaker D: You don't find that usage...
Speaker D:...I checked for it in the Brown National Corpus.
Speaker D: So walking into never really means...
Speaker D:...what smack.
Speaker D: But if you walk smack into the cafe or slam into the wall...
None:...you will find running to...
Speaker C:...car's running the telephone balls all the time.
Speaker D: Or you can run into an old friend or...
Speaker A: No!
Speaker B: Yeah, running to might even be more impact sense...
Speaker B:...than, you know, container sense.
None: Like running to an old friend...
Speaker F:...crow, if someone is writing...
Speaker F:...you have George, we have George, we have something...
Speaker F:...complicative, reason-wondering...
None:...something else, and maybe it's...
None:...car-vide-event.
Speaker B: Oh, contact.
Speaker B: I mean, there's contact that's social contact, whatever.
Speaker E: Sutton's surprising contact.
Speaker E: First of all.
Speaker E: But of course, no, I mean, it has a life of its own...
Speaker E:...and sort of partially inspired by the spatial...
Speaker E:...yeah.
Speaker F: Oh yeah, but for sure.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker C: Do you have a teacher that says that?
Speaker B: There's lots of things we can make teachers out of.
Speaker B: But, uh...
Speaker B:...we don't need to be...
Speaker D:...we don't need to be- Probably not your marks in the kitchen today.
Speaker B: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: In other news?
Speaker D: Well, well, the...
Speaker D: Actually, the...
Speaker D: What would have been really nice is to find an example for...
Speaker D:...all of this from our domain.
Speaker D: So maybe if we can make one up...
Speaker D:...now that would be incredibly helpful.
Speaker B: So where it should illustrate...
Speaker B:...how do we say all of this, do you mean like...
Speaker B:...I don't know, the related work stuff as well as...
Speaker D:...mapping?
Speaker D: Well, we have, for example, a canonical use of something.
Speaker D: And we have some constructions and then it's construed as something.
Speaker D: And then we may get the same constructions with a metaphorical use...
Speaker D:...that's also relevant to the domain.
Speaker F: Okay, so it should be published here.
Speaker F: What's the first one?
Speaker F: It's where the buzz and on the buzz are.
None: That actually a little is really getting used because...
None:...there's some incident in this.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I had two hours with George on this.
Speaker D: What did he do?
Speaker D: Join the call.
Speaker D: The buzz is a metaphorical metonym that relates some metapath...
Speaker D:...metaphorically and you're on that path.
Speaker D: I mean, there's a platform notion, right?
Speaker D: He's standing on the buzz waving to me.
Speaker D: But the regular, as we speak, John O. is on the buzz to New York.
Speaker D: That's what did I call it here?
Speaker D: The transportation schema, something...
Speaker D:...you can be on the first flight, on the second flight, and you can be...
Speaker D:...on the wagon.
Speaker F: So that may or may not be what you want to do.
Speaker F: It could do something much simpler.
Speaker D: But it's unfortunate.
Speaker D: This is not really something a tourist would ever say.
Speaker D: Well, as it was repairing it, there was something...
Speaker D:...but...
Speaker D:...we had initially started discussing the audio film.
Speaker D: And there's a lot of audio analysis.
Speaker D: Could we capture that?
Speaker D: With a different control of...
Speaker B: Yeah, we've thought about it before.
Speaker B: It's used as examples in other papers.
Speaker B: It's a little complicated.
Speaker B: I would have felt like it's a state of...
Speaker B:...there's resource, right?
Speaker B: What is film?
Speaker B: You're out of the state of having film, right?
Speaker B: And somehow film is standing for the resource.
Speaker B: But the state of having some resource is just labeled as that resource.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, plus the fact that there's also...
Speaker E:...I mean, can you say, like, the film ran out, you know, or...
Speaker E: Yeah, it's film with a projector.
Speaker E: So like the film went away from where it should be, namely with you, or something like, you know...
Speaker E:...the film is gone, right?
Speaker E: I never really knew what was going on.
Speaker E: I mean, I find it sort of a little bit far-fetched to say that...
Speaker E:...that I'm out of film means that I have left the state of having film or something like that.
Speaker B: Or having is also associated with location, right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So if the film left, you know, the...
Speaker D: So running out of something is different from being out of somewhere.
None: Well, being out of something is...
Speaker B: So running out of it is just a process.
Speaker B: But that's some run, yeah.
Speaker B: That's okay.
Speaker D: I mean, the final state of running out of something is being out of it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: You got there.
Speaker E: That part is fine.
Speaker E: You got that out of it.
None: So, no one is...
Speaker F:...the professional linguists they have.
Speaker B: This whole piece is on that.
Speaker B: There was...
Speaker A: Out.
Speaker E: There was one on...
Speaker E:...an out or out of.
Speaker E: Maybe it just out.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker F: It was over, but there was also a big one out.
Speaker E: Yeah, Susan, one right?
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker E: The syrup spread out, anything.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And, undoubtedly, there's been...
Speaker B:...remes of work about it in...
Speaker B:...tyre linguistics, but...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: It's not one of the...
Speaker B:...more straightforward ones to defend.
Speaker B: So, you probably don't want to use it for purposes.
Speaker B: These are...
Speaker B:...you're just like computational linguists, right?
Speaker D: Or...
Speaker D:...are you?
Speaker D: There is...
Speaker B:...it's going to be four computational linguists.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But more...
Speaker B:...compices on the computational...
Speaker D:...for emphasis on the linguists.
Speaker D: More...
Speaker D:...there's going to be...
Speaker D:...just for computational linguists,...by coincidence,...for the rest is whatever bio-computing people and...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: So, I mean, this, you know, like...
Speaker D: The computer should be very computational.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, I would stay away from one that involves weird...
Speaker B:...construal stuff.
Speaker B: You know, it's an obvious one.
Speaker D: I mean, the...
Speaker D:...our bakery example might be nice.
Speaker D: Is there a bakery around here?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So, if you could really just...
Speaker D:...construit as a...
Speaker D:...no, it's the bakery itself.
Speaker D: Is it a building that you want to go to?
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: Or is it something to eat that you want to buy?
Speaker D: And then...
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker B: The bakery can't be something you're going to eat.
Speaker C: This is a speech act.
Speaker C: It's true.
None: Exactly.
Speaker F: You want to...
Speaker F:...you...
Speaker F:...be green as a place that...
Speaker F:...you can get baked goods.
Speaker F: Well, that's one.
Speaker F: You want to buy something.
Speaker F: But the other is...
Speaker F:...you might smell the smell or just curious about what it would be...
Speaker E:...the bakery and the Naglewood.
Speaker E: You know, wonder how people here right there living...
None:...if they're living in such a reason why you might...
Speaker F:...pick up the eggs.
Speaker F: It doesn't mean I want to buy some baked goods.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Those are interesting examples.
Speaker B: It's not clear that there's a lot of pragmatics there.
Speaker B: There's a lot of stuff.
Speaker A: Maybe beyond what you want to use.
Speaker A: So, let's first do...
Speaker F:...the first thing that's fun of eating is probably easiest than that.
None: And actually...
Speaker B:...the one you have...
Speaker B:...is the...
Speaker B:...you mean the steak wants to pay?
Speaker B: No, not that one.
Speaker F: That's a sort of background.
Speaker F: This is the page line.
Speaker C: The Play-Toe in the book.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker D: How much does it cost?
Speaker D: Where's the castle?
Speaker D: How old is it?
Speaker D: How much does it cost?
Speaker B: To go in.
Speaker E: 200 million dollars.
Speaker F: So...
Speaker E: Yeah, I think that's gonna be good.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker D: But as Nancy just suggested, it's probably elliptic.
Speaker B: Like, it doesn't refer to thing.
Speaker B: It refers to...
Speaker B:...things downing for active, most relevant activity for a tourist.
Speaker B: Good to give it that way.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, shoot.
Speaker E: Isn't that...
Speaker E: I mean, that's fun.
Speaker D: I mean, my argument here is...
Speaker D: It's the same thing as Play-Toe's on the top shelf.
Speaker D: You can refer to...
Speaker D:...a book of Play-Toe by you, you should play it over here.
Speaker D: No, no, I'm agreeing that this is a good...
Speaker D:...back to it.
Speaker D: So, you can castles have...
Speaker D:...as truth, I'd say, have admission fees.
Speaker D: Where is the castle?
Speaker D: How much has it cost?
Speaker D: Um...
Speaker D: How far is it?
Speaker D: From here.
None: So...
Speaker D: You're also not...
Speaker D:...refereg to the...
Speaker D:...wets of the objectors.
None: Okay, do I think that a nice...
None:...can afford what you're aware of in a tourist building.
None: Oh, again, I was...
None:...you think that she's aware of...
None:...the amount of land.
None: Where was...
None:...there was height of earth...
None:...in 34 or something.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah, or some such thing.
Speaker E: Like, what side were they on?
Speaker B: Okay, it's like this.
Speaker B: It's here.
Speaker B: Um...
Speaker B: I'm like, it's developmental state or something like that.
Speaker B: You could...
Speaker B:...make it as you could get that.
Speaker E: I mean, there's also things like...
Speaker E:...I guess I could ask something like...
Speaker E:...where can I find out about blah blah blah...
Speaker E:...and the sort of...
Speaker E:...doesn't necessarily...
Speaker E:...I don't necessarily have to care about the spatial location.
Speaker E: Just give me a phone number and I'll call them or something like that.
None: We're starting to get that, yeah.
Speaker F: Where could I find it so open?
Speaker F: Yeah.
None: The dams.
None: And the traffic is horrible.
None: But there's...
None:...there's things about it.
None: You can also think about...
Speaker D:...how could I get out of the way?
Speaker A: State.
None: Is this the issue?
Speaker F: Is that maybe just a message?
Speaker E: That it's not the thing that's forthcoming.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: It's a more exotic one, version of that.
Speaker B: I'm really into...
Speaker B:...do you really say that?
Speaker F: Which you really say that?
Speaker C: I'm really into art.
Speaker B: Yeah, as I can say.
Speaker B: Fix expression, yeah.
Speaker B: There are all sorts of fixed expressions.
Speaker B: Out of sorts now.
Speaker B: I mean trouble.
Speaker D: Well, I mean, the data that I've looked at so far, there's tons of cases for polysamy.
Speaker D: So making reference to buildings as institutions, as containers, as...
Speaker D:...whatever.
Speaker D: So in music, for example, museums, as a building, or as something where pictures hang, or something that puts on exhibits, so forth.
Speaker B: Why don't you want to use any of this?
Speaker D: You know, one of these ones.
Speaker D: That's what I've started doing.
Speaker D: Metronomy, publicity.
Speaker B: How did you see the van go?
Speaker A: Oh, geez.
Speaker D: But I think the argument should be...
Speaker D:...could be made that despite the fact that this is not the most metaphorical domain, because people interacting with HEI systems try to be straightforward and less lyrical.
Speaker D: Constructural still is, you know, completely key in terms of finding out any of these things.
Speaker F: That's a reasonable point.
Speaker D: This domain, you're going to get less metaphor in both sides.
Speaker D: With a student, I looked at the entire database that we have on Heidelberg for cases of autonomy, hardly anything.
Speaker D: So not even in descriptions, did we find anything relevant?
None: I have to go.
Speaker D: But okay, this is just something we'll see.
Speaker D: And deal with.
Speaker D: I mean, maybe the where is something questioned as a whole?
Speaker D: It can be construed as a location versus instructional request.
Speaker D: So if we not talk about the direction.
Speaker D: Location versus what?
Speaker B: Instruction.
Speaker B: Oh, directions.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Oh, I thought that was...
Speaker B: Dimmalintry did as an example of construal.
Speaker D: Yeah, but then, you know, on the lexical level.
Speaker B: This sort of one level higher.
Speaker D: Oh, you want a lexical example.
Speaker F: But I don't need it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Also, it would be nice to get ultimately to get a nice mental space example.
Speaker D: So, even temporal references are just the spatial domain of rare.
Speaker F: But it's easy to make up plausible ones.
Speaker D: When you're getting information on objects.
Speaker D: Right.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe we can include that also in our second data run.
Speaker D: We can show people pictures of objects and then have them ask the system about the objects and engage a conversation on the history and the art and the architecture and so forth.
None: Okay.
Speaker F: So, why don't we give you feedback on what you're talking about?
None: I wish you were a true person.
None: I'm so sorry.
Speaker C: For some reason when you said feedback electronically, I thought of that. You ever see the symptoms where the family's got the buzzers and they buzz each other when they don't like what the other one is saying.
Speaker B: That's the first one, I think.
Speaker C: It was a very early one.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: First one.
Speaker D: I'm trying to play break the road record for different occasions, for being at Milan Airport.
Speaker F: Yeah.
None: I didn't see that.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker A: I don't know.
None: I don't know.
Speaker F: I don't know.
None: I don't know.
