None: You Why I know She already told me it before he told you no, she told me a long time ago She's been like two weeks ago
Speaker B: You know how to talk about this thing with me
Speaker E: What is it? Let me explain some video. Oh, I'm just moving to the nearest You're You have to see something genuinely funny before you get an example
Speaker F: To the next page here at least we sell the slide and have to laugh at your own jokes
Speaker D: It's a different laugh Oh
Speaker F: Oh
Speaker B: Well, you've been doing anything. Okay, you've just got a laptop. I'm just trying to show it off
Speaker F: That was actually open study, but hey
Speaker C: Okay, so once again So we haven't had a meeting for a while and Probably won't have one next week. I think I remember people are going So remember why don't you bring us up the date on where we are with you
Speaker B: In a smaller group we had talked and decided about continuation of the data collection so face time with us is almost officially over and She brought us some 30 subjects and collected data and Ten dialogues have been transcribed and can be looked at if you're interested in that talk to me And we found another Coxie student who's interested in playing wizard for us We're gonna make it a little bit more complicated for the subjects This round she's actually suggested Look at the psychology department students because they have to partake into experiments in order to fulfill some requirements so they have to be subject it before they can actually graduate and We want to design it so that they really have to think about having some time today's For example, plan certain things and figure out which can be done at what time and Sort of package the whole thing and a few more complicated Structure that's for the data collection as for smart com The last smart com meeting I mentioned that we have some problems with the synthesis which as of this morning should be resolved and so Should be means they aren't yet, but but I think I have the info now that I need Plus John and I am meeting tomorrow, so maybe When tomorrow is over we're done and I will never have to look at it again Maybe I'll take some more time We realistic but at least we're seeing the end of the tunnel there There was that the Don't think we need to discuss the formalism that will be done officially once we're done Something happened you know on either side with the PRM that we're gonna look at today and We have a visitor from Rochstor from the International University Andreas. I think you've met everyone except Nancy Andy you actually go by Andy
Speaker A: There's another Andreas around so it's on confusion That would be right. Yeah
Speaker B: Okay, so my scientific director of the email is also the dean of the International University One of his many occupations that just contributes to the fact that he is very occupied and the He might tell us a little bit about what he's actually doing and why it is somewhat related and Using maybe some of the same technologies that we are using and And was that enough of an update?
Speaker B: But all of you will proceed okay, maybe you have your online
Speaker F: Yeah, sure, so it's just been looking at Okay Been looking at the PRM stuff So this is sort of like the latest thing I have on it and I Sort of constructed a couple of classes like a user class a site class and You know a time around and then a query class and I Try to simplify it down a little bit so that I can actually look at it more as the same paper that I gave to Jerry last time So basically I took out a lot of stuff a lot of the decision notes and then try the the red lines on the graph of the Relations between the different Classes like a user has like a query and then also has you know Reference lots to its preferences the special needs and you know money and The user interests and so This is more or less similar to the flat base net that I have you know what the input nodes and all that and So I try to construct the dependency models and A lot of these stuff I got from the flat base net on what they depend on and turns out, you know The CPT is a really big if I do that. So I try to see how I can do Put in the computational notes in between and what that would look like in a PRM and so I ended up making several classes Actually, you know a class of with different attributes that Are they intermediate notes and one of them is like time affordability money affordability site availability and The travel compelability and And so some of these classes are Some of these attributes only depend on stuff from say the user or just from I don't know like the site like These here it's only like user but if you look at travel compelability For each of these factors you need to look at a pair of you know what the Preference of the user is Versus, you know what type of an event it is or you know What form of transportation the user has and whether you know the on-site parking matters to the user in that case and That makes a scenario a little different in the PRM because Then you have one user objects and potentially you can have many different sites in in mine and And so for each of the site you'll come up with this rating of travel compelability and They all depend on same users but different sites and that makes a I will have been trying to see Whether the PRM would make it more efficient if we do inferencing like that and so I Guess you end up having If you're a number of notes and a flat-based net because otherwise you would Now you would definitely have be able to reuse like All the user stuff and not not having to recompute a lot of those stuff because it's all from the user side So if you change sites you You can you know save some work on that but You know in the case where it depends on both the user and the site then I'm still having a hard time trying to see how Using the PRM will help So anyhow using those intermediate notes then this this would be the class that Represented intermediate notes and it basically is just another class in the model with you know references to the user and the site and the time and Then after you group them together this no the dependencies with of the queries would be Reduced to this and so you know it's easier to specify the CPT and all So I think that's about as far as I've gone on the PRM stuff The output Okay, so it only makes two decisions in this model and one is Basically how desirable a site is meaning How good it matches the needs of a user and the other is the mode of the visit whether it's the UVA decision So instead of Doing a lot of you know computation about you know which one site it wants to the user wants to visit I'll come more try to come up with like sort of a list of sites and For each site you know how how well it fits and basically a rating of how it fits and what to do with it So anything else I missed No, not yet
None: That's Will I think Rebuilding The notion of instantiating elements from This very nice It looked to me like if you were able to With a value for each of the With some other information about how much time the person is and then plan
Speaker B: Well, personally green looks much cleaner Certain beauty in it so the beauty is truth and we're good shape but As mentioned before we probably should look at the details so if you have a write-up then I love to read it and because Can you go all the way back to the very top?
Speaker B: Yeah This when these are instantiated they take on the same values that we had before or are they they changed?
Speaker F: I think I'd basically leave them to similar things Some of the things might be different maybe like Or that the hours are inside and eventually I meant that to me whether they're open at this hour or not And status would be more or less like with their under construction
Speaker B: The other question I would have is that presumably from the way the Stanford people talk about it You can put the probabilities also on the relations
Speaker F: Which is the structural uncertainty?
Speaker C: Yeah, that's That I think is actually in the previous the ubin stuff I don't remember whether they carried that over to this or not
Speaker B: It's sort of in the definition or in the definition of a PRM is that Classes and relations and you know have CPTs over the classes and the relations All right, uncertainty
Speaker F: I remember the learning when you know you don't know the structure for sure but I don't remember reading how you specify
Speaker B: That would exactly my question
Speaker C: So the plan is when definitely gets back we'll get in touch and supposedly we'll actually get seriously connected to their work If somebody was you know it's a group meeting once a week probably someone will go down whatever Whatever, figure all this out
Speaker B: And I think the long term perspective is pretty clear We get rock n' rollin' on this again once we get a package if when and how then this becomes Full ground that profile focused again designated And And then we'll come up with something that's way more complicated for you Because this was laughing the easy right?
Speaker F: Actually I had to take all the complicated stuff because I made a really complicated into beginning
Speaker D: So it was like this is too much
Speaker C: Yeah, so you could from this go on and start to people traveling together And you wanted to plan something that somehow was some free-hub
Speaker E: Definitely shop for artificial intelligence
Speaker B: Well that's not even something humans say
Speaker C: Well that would be like you could sell it You don't have to fight it but you speak your purpose And then you can blame the computer
Speaker B: But what potential results be to split up and never talk to each other again?
Speaker E: That should be one of them
Speaker C: That would be nice So there are some elaborations of this that you could try to put in to this structure But I don't think it's worth it now because we're going to see what else is going to do
None: Let's go to the other, there were a couple others Thanks for able to look at Can we enter them?
Speaker B: Then we can move on and see what Andreas has got to have his sleep
Speaker A: So thanks for having me here first of all So maybe just a little background on my visits I'm not really involved in any project that's relevant to you at the moment The reason is really for me to have an opportunity to talk to some of the researchers in the field And so I'll just give you a real quick introduction to what I'm working on I just hope that you have some comments or maybe you're interested in finding out more And so I'll be happy to talk to you And I'd also like to find out some more and maybe I'll just walk around the office And then ask some questions in the next couple of days So I'll be here for tomorrow and then the reiner of next week Okay, so what I started looking at to begin with is just content management systems in general So what's sort of the state of the art there is to you have a bunch of documents or learning units or learning objects And you store metadata associated to them So there's some international standards like the IEEE, it's an IEEE LOM standard And these fields are pretty straightforward, you have author information, you have size information, format information, and so on But there are two fields that are more interesting One is you store keywords associated with the document and one is you have sort of what is the document about So it's some sort of taxonomic ordering of the units Now if you sort of put on your semantic glasses, you say, well, that's not all that easy Because there's an implicit assumption behind that is that all the users of this system share the same interpretation of the keyword and same interpretation of whichever taxonomy is used So I think that's a key point of these systems and this sort of always brush over this real quickly Without really elaborating much of that As a matter of fact, the only thing that apparently really works out so far are library ordering codes Which are very coarse grains, so you have some like science biology But that's really all that we have at the moment, so I think there's a huge need for improvement there Now what this standard like this would give us is we could sort of with the search engine just query different repositories all over the world But we can't really, so what I try to do is to have, so the scenarios following you, you're working on some sort of project and you encounter a certain problem Now what we have at our university quite a bit is that students try to program a certain assignment For example, they always run into the same problems and they always come running to us and say, why is that it's not working?
Speaker A: We always give out the same answers without well, it would be nice to have a system that could sort of take care of this So what I want to build is basically a smart FAQ system Now what you need to do here is you need to provide some context information which is more elaborate than I'm looking for this in this keyword So, and I think I don't need to tell you this, I'm sure you have the same way when somebody else has a sentence and a certain context And the same sentence and another context makes a huge difference So I want to be able to model information like in the concepts of developing distributed systems at a computer science school What kind of software is the person using which homework assignment is he or she working on at the moment? Maybe what's the background of the students?
Speaker A: Which error message was encountered? So this sort of information I think should be transmitted when a certain document is retrieved Now, basically giving this, so we somehow need to have a formalized way of writing this down basically, and that's where the shared interpretation of certain terms and keywords comes in again And using this and some knowledge about the domain, I think you can do some simple inferences like you know that when somebody's working on serverlets for example, it's using Java, like a server, so I used a written in Java, so some inferences like that now using this you can infer more information and you could then match this to the metadata of the documents you're searching against So what I want to do is basically have some sort of given these inputs and then I can compute how many documents match and use this as a metric in the search Now, what I plan to do is I want to sort of do a try to improve the quality of the search result and I want to do this by having a steepest descent approach So if I knew which operating system the person was working on would disimprove my search result and having a symbolic formalized model of this, I could simply compute that and find out which questions are worth asking and that would have been propagated back to the user and sort of tried to optimize the search in this way Now the big problem that I'm facing right now is it's fairly easy to hack up a system quickly that works in the small domain but the problem is obviously the scalability So what I was mentioning earlier today is that Microsoft for example with their printer setup program has a Bayesian network which does exactly this but there you face a problem that these are very hard to extend And so what I'm what I try to do is basically try to model this in a way that you could really combine knowledge from very different sources and sort of looking into some of the ideas that the semantic web community came up with trying to have an approach how to integrate certain representation of certain concepts and also some computational rules, what you can do with those what I'm also looking into is a probabilistic approach because document retrieval is a very fuzzy procedure so it's probably not that easy to simply have a symbolic computational model that probably isn't expressive enough so that's another thing which I think you're also looking into right now and then sort of as an add-on to this whole idea that would be now depending on what the search engine or the content repository depending on which rules and which ontologies it uses or basically its view of the world and you can get very different results so it might make a lot of sense to actually query a lot of different search engines and there you could have an idea where you actually have sort of a peer-to-peer approach where we're all sort of carrying around our individual bookshelves and if you have a question about a homework it's probably make sense to ask somebody who's in your class with you sort of the guru in a certain area rather than going to some Yahoo-like search engine so this is some of the just an unnatural some of the ideas and I think a lot of the even though it's a very different domain rather than a lot of the issues are fairly similar okay
Speaker E: so some of the I don't know how much you know about the larger project I know yeah I know some of the issues are the same as like you know context-based factors influence how you interpret in this case and knowing one you know what kinds of things to ask you can talk about that but we haven't worried too much about the scores but maybe you guys had that in the previous
Speaker B: well in one small difference in a way is that he doesn't have to come up with an answer but he wants to point to the
Speaker A: yeah so I'm not I'm not building an expert I want to build a smart librarian basically I can point you to the right reference I don't want to compute the answer so it's a little bit easier for me
Speaker B: well you have to still understand what the content says about itself and then match it to what you think the information on
Speaker E: yes you also don't have to figure out what the content is you're just taking the key word is the topic
Speaker A: I assume that there will be learning systems that that tag their content and basically what I envision is that you rather it's just applying a bunch of keywords you could basically for an FAQ for example you could state sort of like a logic condition when this document applies so this document explains how to set up your male account on line-up stuff like this so something very specific that you can then but I think that the key point with these learning systems is that a learning system is only as good as the amount of content it carries you can have the best learning system with the best search interface if there's no content inside of it it's not very useful so I think ultimately because developing these rules and these inference inferences I think is very costly so I think you must be able to reuse some existing domain information or ontologies that other people wrote and tried to integrate them and then also search the entire web basically run in just a small content management system so I think that's crucial for the success of
Speaker E: or so you're not I guess I'm trying to figure out how how I maps to some things that we've talked about in this group and actually associated groups some of us do pretty detailed linguistic analyses and I'm guessing that you won't be doing that?
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: Okay so you take the query and on the other hand frame that could well be useful.
Speaker C: Is that the frame that's great?
Speaker A: Yeah not too much but I have a rough way over here.
Speaker C: Standard story is that keywords evoke frames and the frames may well give you additional keywords or if you know that a bunch of keywords indicate a frame that you can find documents that actually have the whole frame rather than just so there's a lot of stuff and people are looking at that most of the work here is just trying to get the frames right there's language and stuff there's a lot of it there's a lot of it there are some application efforts trying to exploit it and this looks like it seems to be the place where
Speaker A: yeah yeah I'm sure I could learn a lot about yeah just how to how to come up with these structures because it's very easy to whip up something quickly but it maybe then makes sense to me but not to anybody else and if we want to share and integrate things they must all they must be well designed really.
Speaker B: Remember the prescient story?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Absolutely no linguistic background person that the IU sent over here and Andreas and I tried to come up with it or we had come up actually with him working on an interface for frame it as it was back then that would do some of the work for this machine which never got them because prescient found a happy object
Speaker C: and did he do what he did was much more sensible frame? Absolutely.
Speaker B: But so I've just said we had that idea.
Speaker B: The idea was there.
Speaker B: To exploit frame it there as well and yeah until you guys never...
Speaker B: And it's free news doing information extraction also right?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: And with that frame it basically.
Speaker C: You guys never sent anybody else from IU?
Speaker A: Except prescient?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's mostly an exchange program.
Speaker C: No it's fine I don't care but it's just a little surprise.
Speaker C: I don't know if you guys totally forgot we had a program.
Speaker A: I think it's really the lack of students at IU at the moment.
Speaker A: I think it's more the lack of students really and we have all these sponsors that are always sort of eager to get some teams and if I were a student I'd love to come here rather than for some company.
Speaker B: You are being recorded right now so you're working.
Speaker A: Oh right.
Speaker A: Well I didn't say anybody to anything to offend well except for sponsors maybe.
Speaker C: Right so that's one of the things that might be more useful.
Speaker C: Unfortunately Sreeni who is heavily involved in the label and all this sort of stuff is himself out of town.
Speaker A: But I'll go to the semantic workshop in two weeks.
Speaker C: Yeah for some reason he's not.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Who knows.
Speaker C: Anyway you'll see it certainly.
Speaker D: The other person I thought I was Dan Gilday because he did some work on topic spotting.
Speaker E: That would be a very good idea.
Speaker E: Which is I mean you, depending on how well you want to integrate with that and you know like taking the data and you said the learning systems at.
Speaker E: You got we there someone in XC who actually has been working on has worked on that cast of and he's worked with Frey Matt so you can have them.
Speaker E: Over those things I said.
Speaker E: And he just finished writing a draft of his thesis.
Speaker A: So who was that again?
Speaker D: Dan Gilday G I L D E A. He's in one of the.
Speaker B: I can take your do his office.
Speaker B: Okay just around the corner.
Speaker E: I hope you solve the problem.
Speaker E: Hope you can do one for us too.
None: All right we do anything else?
Speaker C: One of these times we're going to hear about Construel.
Speaker B: Yeah I'm sure I have.
Speaker B: I think it was November 2003 or something.
Speaker B: I had something in my calendar.
Speaker C: Wait a second that's a long way away.
Speaker B: Well maybe I could I could bribe my way out of this so I did some double checking and it seems like spring break in Trito.
None: That's not too much of a topic.
None: No.
Speaker B: He's trying to offer some right.
Speaker B: Oh they refused the battery again.
Speaker B: So about citrus still nothing.
Speaker C: We're involved in a literally $300 million program with the state of California.
Speaker C: And the state of California is now a month and a half behind its legally required date to approve a budget.
Speaker C: So the budget has not been approved.
Speaker C: And two days ago there's two branches of legislation.
Speaker C: One branch approved it.
Speaker C: Yesterday there was a...
Speaker C: I thought that the other branch was just approved but now there's actually a little backsliding people who approved it got to slide from there.
Speaker C: Anyway.
Speaker C: Well I have to tell you a wonderful story about this.
Speaker C: So I turned out I wound up having lunch today with a guy named Tom Colliel K-I-L-L K-A-L-I-L.
Speaker C: And you know works at Berkeley.
Speaker C: In fact he's hired to run citrus even though we don't have the money they've been hiring people right and left.
Speaker C: And he was, I think, the chief staffer at Clinton on technology matters.
Speaker C: He was in the White House and I would say.
Speaker C: And he liked that.
Speaker C: And is now doing all the politics for citrus and also has a lot of interest in actually doing things for society.
Speaker C: So digital divide and stuff like that.
Speaker C: So that's interesting to me but maybe not to you.
Speaker C: But the really interesting thing was he said something about, you know I'm interested in things that have high social model players.
Speaker C: Something that is a great social value.
Speaker C: He said, for example, this was his only example.
Speaker C: If you had an adult literacy program that was as good as an individual tutor and as compelling as a video game, then that would have a huge social impact.
Speaker C: It's not great. It's a good problem to work on.
Speaker C: Anyway, so it was nice that he's got this view of, hey that's what you should try to do and be language of people going to do it.
Speaker C: Definitely.
Speaker D: So anyway, that's the end of the story.
Speaker D: For adults and not for the...
Speaker C: I didn't push some on the child thing but, you know, again, if you get to...
Speaker C: And this was literacy, potentially somewhat different problem.
Speaker C: Maybe easier, I don't know.
Speaker C: So this is reading rather than teaching another project that we started on in 2004 was to try to build an automatic tutoring program for kids whose first language was in English.
Speaker C: Just like half the school population in California.
Speaker C: Something like that, isn't it?
Speaker C: So enormous problem in California. And the idea was, of course, it was smart about language understanding and speech understanding.
Speaker C: But we build programs that would be tutors for the kids.
Speaker C: We think we could.
Speaker C: Anyway, so this is a slightly different problem.
Speaker C: None of us have the spare time to look at it right now, but it's interesting and I may talk to you more about, is that somebody doing this?
Speaker B: So I did manage to get put my head out of the sling by sidetracking it through citrus, but temporarily putting it out of the sling.
Speaker B: But I'll volunteer to put it right back in by stating that I am amongst some other things in the process of writing up stuff that we have been discussing at our daily meetings.
Speaker B: And also revising, thanks for all the comments, the original construal proposal.
Speaker B: And if I put one in one together, I may end up with a number that's greater than one and that I can potentially present once you get back.
Speaker B: It's better than two.
Speaker B: Sometimes the sum is not less than...
Speaker C: Anyway, yeah, so, okay, so that would be great.
Speaker C: I think it's time again, right?
Speaker B: Absolutely, but hopefully all sidetracking, other things will have disappeared soon.
None: So anyway, people want to see your paper.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
