None: Like that that wasn't picked up on the Well just to convert it to the
Speaker C: Where am I? What's the best placement for these lip column lights?
Speaker C: It's close to your mouth now. Is this channel one?
Speaker H: Okay, yes
Speaker J: Stay in the light For people wearing the wireless mics like like this one. I find the easiest way to wear it is sort of this sort of It's actually a lot more comfortable than if you try to put it over your temples
Speaker I: So you do it higher
Speaker J: And then also for all of them with your boom is adjustable Oh, it should be towards the corner of your mouth. It wasn't using the proper and about Uh, it wasn't a damn thing. I'm gonna have distance away from you about so about like I'm wearing it now
Speaker I: So why didn't you get the same result?
Speaker C: So Jane you could actually do even closer. Why didn't you get the same result as the end of it? Oh because when it's the
Speaker J: Oh Channel five speak again We could we could get up again slightly if you wanted to whose channel B
Speaker F: but
Speaker J: Channel B is probably Liz
Speaker F: No, yeah, yeah, you're gonna be so can you talk of it?
Speaker J: All right, so again, isn't real good Okay, so we are recording Everyone should have at least two forms possibly three in front of you depending on who you are We we're doing a new speaker form and you only have to speak fill out the speaker form once But everyone does need to do it and so that's the name, sex, email, etc We we had a lot of discussion about the variety of English and so on so If you don't know what to put just leave it blank It's like I I designed the form and I don't know what to put for my own region
Speaker C: So California California, may I make one suggestion instead of age put data a year of birth because age will change Oh your first changes it stays the same usually Perth Well the thing is if ten years from now you look at this form Yes, but we care about a C-A-T
Speaker I: But there's no other day on the form
Speaker F: Well, I don't know
Speaker J: Well, I guess depends on how long the corpus is going to be collected for I think age is all right and then there will be attached to this a pointer to these forms Uh, so that you'll be able to extract the data off that So anyway, and so then you also have a digits form Which needs to be filled out every time the speaker form only once the digit form every time Even if you don't read the digits you have to fill out the digit form so that we know that you are at the meeting Okay, and then also if you haven't filled one out already you do have to fill out a consent form And that should just be one person whose name I don't know Oh, sure Thank you So should we do agenda items?
Speaker H: Oh, that's a good idea. I shouldn't run the meeting
Speaker J: Well, I have I want to talk about new microphones and wireless stuff And I'm sure Liz and Andreas want to talk about recognition results Anything else
Speaker F: I guess what time do you have to leave? 330 yeah, why don't you go first then yeah good idea Well, I sent out an email a couple hours ago so With Andreas's help Andreas put together a sort of no frills recognizer which is a gender dependent but like no adaptation no crossword models no Trigrams a bi-graph recognizer and that's a train on switchboard, which is telephone conversations um And thanks to don's help who don took the first meeting that Jane had transcribed and You know separated use the individual channels we segmented it into the segments that Jane had used and Don simple dad so Okay, and then we ran up to I guess the first 20 minutes up to sync time of one two zero zero So that's my minutes or so um, yeah, because I guess there's some and Don can talk to Jane about this There's some bug in the actual sync time file that I'm we're not sure where it came from but stuff after that was a little messier Anyway, so it's 20 minutes and I actually
Speaker J: I was that did that did that recording have the glitch in the middle oh I see there's there's a
Speaker F: So that actually Was 20 minutes in then it was interesting
Speaker C: I don't know when it is the the overall air raid when we first ran and was like 80 It's said But looking at the first sensors looked much better than that and then suddenly it turned very bad And then we noticed that the reference was always one off with
Speaker F: Yeah, actually Also that was just no actually it was yeah, it was a complicated bug because they were sometimes one off and then sometimes totally random So yeah, I was too certain that it worked up until that yeah So that's what we have but that that will be completely gone if the so we have everything rationalized but we scored only the first
Speaker C: Whatever not to the time
Speaker J: There's an acoustic glitch that occurs where um the channels get slightly asynchronous So that that problem has gone away in the original driver I believe you're not when the SSH key gen ran the driver paused for fraction of a second And so the channels get a little asynchronous and so if you listen to it in the middle There's a little part where it starts doing doing click sounds
Speaker F: And is it only once that that happens? Yeah, right once in a while there's the previous page has some more information about sort of what was run
Speaker J: So I'm surprising that that should affect anything
Speaker F: Ah Oh, it happens is it actually affects the script that don't I mean if we know about it then I guess I guess it's well the acoustic one shouldn't do anything
Speaker J: I don't know exactly what effect to the file
Speaker G: I have about it. I'll show you
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't affect my transcription. I do remember hearing it and having time
Speaker J: But I do remember seeing once transcriber produced an incorrect XML file where one the sink numbers was in
Speaker F: Correct the sink time the sink numbers had more significant digits. Yeah, I mean they should right there's things that are in smaller increments than a frame Okay, so then I mean you look at that and it's got you know more than three significant digits in a sink time Then it can't be right. Yeah, it's like a bug anyway. It's it's just that's why we only have 20 minutes
Speaker G: But there's a significant non zero on of there like more the other one I saw was attacked on just because of the way the script ran I mean yeah, there was a point
Speaker J: Yeah, that was fine the other one I saw was non non monotonic sink times and that definitely
Speaker F: Decorate well that would really be a problem. Yeah, so anyway, these are just the ones that are the pre-bug for one meeting So that's very encouraging which this is really encouraging because this is free recognition There's no I mean the language model for switchboard is totally different. So you can see some like trend lot trend lot Which I mean these are funny ones. There's a lot of perfect ones and good ones and all the references I mean you can read them and we get more results
Speaker J: I can look through and see but and as I said I would like to look at the lattices because it sounded like even the ones It got wrong it sort of got right well
Speaker C: So I guess we can generate there are a number of errors that are you know what got the plural as wrong
Speaker J: Yeah, there were lots of of course the uh-uhs in on's no those are actually a lot of the errors
Speaker F: I think are out of vocabulary so it's like pzm is three words pzm. There's nothing right there's no language model for pzm Or did you say there's no language for pzm no language model. I mean
Speaker J: Do you mean so every time someone says pzm? It's an error. Maybe we shouldn't say pzm in these
Speaker F: Well, this all kinds of other stuff like jimlet Yeah, that's right in jimlet Anyway, well we don't even know what that means But this is really encouraging because so I mean the bottom line is even though it's not a huge amount of data It should be Reasonable to actually run raking dish and be like within the scope of Of reasonable you know switchboard. This is like about how well we do on switchboard to data with a switchboard one trained or trained recognizer and switchboard two in got sort of a different population of speakers and a different topic They're talking about things in the news that happened after switchboard one so there was
Speaker H: That's great. Yeah, so we're better. We were safe when we had the 93 workshop and we were all getting like 70% error on switchboard
Speaker F: Oh, yeah, I mean this is really and thanks to Andreas. I mean this is a yes, especially for the very first run
Speaker J: I mean the first run I ran a switchboard. I got 120% where there
Speaker F: So and what also this means is that um I mean there's a bunch of things in this node to various people especially I guess With Jane that that would help since we have this new data now in order to go from the transcripts more easily to Just the words that the recognizer would use for scoring. I had to do of some of it by hand But I think a lot of it can be automated. Oh, I guess I didn't get so yeah the language model was straight from
Speaker H: From biogram from switchboard the acoustic models were also from switchboard. Yeah, yeah
Speaker F: So they didn't have anything from this no and actually we actually Use switchboard telephone bandwidth models We just get a yeah, yeah, that's the only Acoustic training data that we have a lot of and I guess Ramana so a guy at SRI said that There's not a huge amount of difference going from it's not like we probably lose a huge amount But we won't know because we don't have any full band models for conversational speech
Speaker I: Probably not as bad as going using full band models on telephone band speech. Oh, yeah, right. Yeah
Speaker H: But for broadcast news when we played around between the two there wasn't a huge right yeah, so I was
Speaker C: I'll say the the language model is not just switchboard. It's also I mean there's Actually more data is from broadcast news, but with a less weight Like trend lot must have been for switchboard was By the way just for fun we also ran I mean our complete system starts by doing a gender detection So just for the heck of it and it might be reassuring to everybody to know that it got all the Yeah
Speaker J: It got all too
Speaker F: Jane and Adam have about equal performance and And that's interesting because I think the their language models are quite different So and I'm pretty sure from listening to Eric that you know given the words he was saying and given his Pronunciation that the reason that he's so much worse is the lapel right then yeah, so it's nice now If we can just sort of eliminate the lapel when when we get new I was that would be worse
Speaker H: I would bet on that because he certainly in that when as a as a burp user He was he was a pretty strong sheep
Speaker F: Yeah, he sounded to me just from he sounded like a what's it a sheep or a sheep sheep Kind of good Right so um so I guess the good news is that and again, this is without a lot of the sort of bells and whistles that we can do with the SRI system We'll have more data and we can also start to Maybe adapt the language models once we have enough meetings So this was like 20 minutes of one meeting with no no I mean clearly there
Speaker C: Um was just a small amount of actual Meeting transcriptions It's thrown into the language model you can probably do quite a bit better because or just to compare the vocabulary especially Not that much of a vocabulary actually I think um well we have to see but
Speaker F: Yeah, it's pretty good So then I had to try it on the far field Mike. Yeah, easy. I mean then there's things like for the transcription like I when someone has a digit in the transcript I don't know if they said you know one one or eleven and I don't know if they said tickle or tcl This things like that were you know the We probably have to ask the transcribers to indicate some of those kinds of things but In general, it was really good and I'm hoping and this is This is good news because that means the force alignments should be good and if the force alignments I mean it's good news anyway, but if the force alignments are good we can get all kinds of information For example about you know exotic information and speaker overlaps and so forth directly from the aligned times So that'll be something that Actually in order to assess the force alignment We need some linguists or some people to look at and say or these boundaries in about the right place Because it's just gonna give us a done that for one meeting For force alignment
Speaker J: Uh oh not for words. I'm sorry. Just for overlaps
Speaker F: Right so this would be like if you take the words um, you know enforce some line them on all the individual close talking close talking mics
Speaker J: Then how good are these for in reality and then I was so we might want to take 20 minutes and do a closer word level transcription Maybe actually mark the word boundaries
Speaker F: Or you have someone look at the alignments maybe a linguist who can say You know roughly if these are okay and how far away they are Yeah But I think it's got to be pretty good because otherwise a word recognition would be really bright on me It wouldn't necessarily be the other way around if the word recognition was crummy the alignment might be okay But if the word recognition is this good the alignment should be pretty good So
Speaker I: I wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing though. I mean if we're starting so well Yeah, if we're producing a database
Speaker J: Don't worry about everybody's gonna do one that's the close talking mics try it on the pzm
Speaker I: So the real value of the database is the
Speaker H: But I don't know but I mean there's still just the the percentage is not I mean Is we've talked about before there's probably overlaps There's probably overlaps in in Fair number in switchboard as well, so But there's other phenomena. It's a meeting. It's a different thing And there's lots of stuff to learn with close talking mics but Yeah, certainly I'd like to see as soon as we could I mean maybe Get some of the glitches out of the way, but as soon as we could how well it does would say Well the pzm's are maybe right and see if it's you know is it 120% or maybe is not maybe if With some adaptation you get this down to 50% or 45% or something and then if the pzm at 70 or something like that That's actually something that sort of
Speaker F: Worked with a little bit. Yeah. No, I think it's really I mean this way we at least have a baseline We know that for instance the transcripts are very good So once you can get to the words of the recognizer Which is its whole subset of the things you need to understand the text Either pretty good so and then converting automatically from the xml to the Chopping up the wave forms and so forth. It's not the case that the end of one Adirance is in the next segment and things like that which we had more problems with and switchboard So that's good and see there was one more thing I wanted to To mention Um, sorry, I can't remember Anyway, well, it was I mean I really didn't do this myself. So Andreas set up this recognizer By the way, they've recognized her all the files. I'm moving to SRI and running everything there So I brought back just these result files and people can look at them
Speaker C: We talked about setting up the SRI recognizer here That's You know if there are more machines He or plus people can could run their own You know variance of the recognition runs certainly doable. Yeah
Speaker H: Yeah, certainly for the recognition is most training. Yeah
Speaker E: Yeah, which is um so this issue of the legalistic aspects of the Pre-sett, you know pre adapted so what I mean is um the The data that you take in SRI first question you're maintaining it in a place that wouldn't be hard to readable like that kind of stuff. I Um the outside world or like people who are not associated with this project
Speaker F: It's human subjects issues. I told you about that. Oh, well, okay. We have no names
Speaker J: Although I that's not the issue. It's just the audio data itself until people have a chance to
Speaker F: And so well, I can I can protect my director's they're there right now. They're not they're in the speech group director's which So I will I didn't know that actually. Yeah, so we just have to go through this process. Yeah, okay
Speaker E: Yeah, okay, and then it could because the other question is gonna ask you see if we're having Um, this this meeting that you have no problem because I I well, I speak for myself, but but I think that we wouldn't be concerned about it with respect to that. I'll know we should clear with Of course, but these results are based on data which haven't had the Haven't had the chance to be that's true on the subjects and I don't know how that stands I mean if you get fantastic results and it's Nothing data which which later ended up being lessened by You know, I don't know but I want a transition. Well, we mean once we get all this streamline
Speaker H: Maybe hopefully
Speaker J: I used to work on a system for doing that approval so that we can send people to transcripts and get back any beliefs that they want
Speaker H: Yeah, hopefully this is gonna be a rare thing
Speaker C: I actually had a question about the down sampling um, I don't know who I mean how this was done But is there other any Issues with down sampling because I know that the recognize it Um, that we use can do it sort of on the fly um, so we wouldn't have to have it you know do it explicitly beforehand and And is there any um other other Is there more than one way to do the down sampling where one might be better than another
Speaker G: They're also a lot of ways to the down sampling. Okay, um different filters to
Speaker C: Right, okay, so so the I don't think we even know which one
Speaker J: I assume you're using some cat using our sound sample
Speaker G: SND Resample our example. Yeah, and dance archaic acronyms. I don't know
Speaker F: Missing all the balls. Yeah, not all of them almost
Speaker C: So the other thing we should try is to just take the original waveforms. I mean segment them but not down sample them And see them to feed them to the SRI recognize her and see if the SRI front ends
Speaker J: That's sort of premature optimization, but sure can try it. I only done one line
Speaker C: Right, and it doesn't is no more work for um
Speaker F: Well, they're just bigger trans for that's why
Speaker C: Well, but they're only twice as big so
Speaker F: Well, I mean that was if it's the same then we
Speaker C: Yeah, I mean it would be you know it would probably take about You know minus the transfer time. Yeah, it would take you know 10 minutes to try and 50 minute drive right Well, it takes more time. And if for some reason we see that it works better than we might investigate why and you know
Speaker G: So it's a guy's own it can download itself Yeah, yeah
Speaker H: Yeah, just different filters. Yeah, I can imagine whether the filters right
Speaker F: So we could try that with this particular 20 minutes of speech and sort of see if it's any different
Speaker C: But you know at some point someone might have optimized whatever filtering is done for the actual recognition um Performance so in other words
Speaker J: Right, it just seems to me that you know small changes to the language model and the vocabulary will so swamp that that it may be premature to worry about that I mean, so one is a half a percent better than the other. I don't think that gives you any information
Speaker F: Well, it's just as easy to to give you the 16k individual. It was just more just space, you know, right? Are you are you using
Speaker H: uh No, capstone or phoenix?
Speaker H: Capstone
Speaker F: Oh, we could trust
Speaker C: That's what I would assume, but you never know
Speaker H: No, I recently said this phoenix uses other aggressive filtering modeling and so We can be sensitive to the kind of filtering that you do, but No capstone Expect to be so much
Speaker F: We can try it if you generate like the same set of files just up to that point where we stopped anyway Yeah, it's just sticking somewhere in all the time. No, don't stop
Speaker C: Don't stop at that point because we're actually using the entire conversation to estimate the speaker parameters So shouldn't use you should you know, yeah, I mean, I have to do this
Speaker G: The reference spiral to stay the same. It's just the individual segment would be Right, right, and I can just replace them with a bigger one
Speaker F: So I mean I corrected all I mean I hand edited the whole the whole meeting so that can be run. It's just Once we get
Speaker E: I am the impression from this from this meeting that I transferred that um that there was already automatic down sampling and curing Is that I thought that in on two so there's one level that's already happening right here
Speaker H: This is being recorded 48 kilohertz right and it gets down to after the 16 years
Speaker F: And that's actually said in your meeting that's how I know that
Speaker H: Like are we down something to it's a digital audio orientation
Speaker F: Think that it's not more than that and I have no idea what filter it's using
Speaker G: So is it killer? It's generally accepted as like standard telephone. Yeah, that's it. I mean like
Speaker H: So it's it's just that they were operating from switchboard which was
Speaker J: So 16 seems to be pretty typical for
Speaker H: Right, so it's more common for for broadband stuff that isn't that isn't music
Speaker F: And I guess if you're comparing like If you want to run recognition on the pzm stuff you would want You don't want a down sample. Why is that?
Speaker F: I mean if it's any better
Speaker H: No, actually, I would think that you would get better and you'd get better high frequencies in the local mind But who knows yeah
Speaker J: You want to find all this stuff out? We're gonna have plenty of low frequency on the pzm's with the fans. Yeah
Speaker F: Well, yeah, there was just one more thing I wanted to say was just totally unrelated to the recognition except that um well Sort of related but good news also I got well Chuck Frillmore agreed to record meetings, but he had too many people in his meetings And that's too bad because they're very animated But Jerry also agreed so Uh, we're starting on their last Well, but he has fewer he won't have more than eight and it's a meeting on even deeper understanding EDU so that sounds interesting As a compliment to our front-end meeting and So that's gonna start Monday and one of the things that I was realizing is It would be really great if anyone has any ideas on some kind of Time synchronous way that people in the meeting can make a comment to the person who's gonna transcribe it or or put a Push a button or something when they want to make a note about oh boy. You should probably erase those last few or Wait, I want this not to be recorded now or
Speaker H: Something like that do something with a pad at one point. Yeah, we could do it with cross paths
Speaker F: I was thinking you know if if the person who sets up the meeting isn't there and it's a group that we don't know And this came up talking to to Jerry Also that you know is there any way for them to indicate to make sure that the requests that they have that they make explicitly get So I don't know if anyone has ideas or you can even write down. Oh, it's about three twenty five
Speaker H: Well, what I was just suggesting is we have these cross paths. Yeah, and use that for this motivator Yeah, that'd be great. I think you're gonna be great The other thing is I don't know if you know this surface a question for me to mail to Dan, but Is this thing of two H-anl boards a maximum?
Speaker J: Or could we go to a third board? Oh send me all the data and ask I think That it's the maximum we can do without a lot of effort because it's one board with two digital channels The eight each so it takes two fibers in to the one board And so I think if we want to do that more than that we'd have to have two boards And then you have the synchronization issue
Speaker H: But that's a question because that would if it was possible because it is you know already we have a Group people in this room. It's not all be mine right what not just because we haven't been to the store
Speaker I: What is the limit on each of those fiber channels is it the eight? It's just it's eight channels coming in does it have to do with sampling right? I have no idea
Speaker J: But each each fiber channel has eight eight channels and There are two two fibers that go into the card
Speaker H: It might be hard limitation. I mean one thing is the whole thing as I said is all structured in terms of 48 killer So that pushes yeah
Speaker J: I'm just wondering if I mean then we all have to get another 8-d and we can drive that mixer and all that sort of stuff So I'll send a mail to Dan asking Okay on the is that are we done with that?
Speaker J: So the other topic is getting more mics and different mics. So I got a quote We can fit we have room for one more wireless and the wireless this unit here is 350 350 dollars it I didn't realize but we also have to get a tuner the receiver the other and that's 430 um and then also
Speaker F: I mean the tuner is 430 for each yep, and we just need one more so so we got the good ones. Yeah
Speaker J: So that's you know something like 780 bucks for one more of these. Okay, I mean then also um It turns out that the connector that this thing uses his proprietary of Sony Believe it or not and Sony only sells this headset So if we want to use a different set headset the solution that the guy suggested and they apparently lots of people have done Is Sony will sell you the jack with just wires coming out the end and then you can buy a headset that has Pigtail and solder it yourself And that's the other solution and so the jacks are 40 bucks a piece and And he recommended um Crown CM311 AE headset for 200 bucks a piece
Speaker H: There isn't this some sort of thing that plugs in you actually have to go and do the soldering
Speaker J: So because the reason is the only only thing you can get that will plug into this is this mic or just the
Speaker H: The reason I asked is to sort of handmade wiring jobs fall apart in use So the other thing is to see if we can get them
Speaker I: To do a custom job put it together. Oh, I'm sure they would they would just charge us. Well, and they probably want quantity to
Speaker H: Well, no, I just charge it as one
Speaker J: So it's so so my question is should we go ahead and get net nine identical head mounted crown mics
Speaker H: Not before having one come here and have some people try it out. Okay Because there's no point in doing that if it's not gonna be any better
Speaker J: So why don't we get one of these with the crown with a different headset? Yeah, and and see if that works see if it's preferable
Speaker F: Because I mean I think the microphones are okay, right. It's just they're not comfortable to wear
Speaker J: Give maker on headband and he said they don't have any of these in stock that they have them in LA And so we'll take about a week to get here So okay, just go ordered Yeah, it's a lot of money for you is the contact if I want to do an invoice because I think that's how we did it before It's a long time to get to himself. Okay And then nine channels is the next one we can do so
Speaker H: Okay, so we're gonna start for the days of change so that's 15 instead of 16 and there's six on the table right
Speaker F: Can I have some really dumb questions? Is there anyway we can have you know like a wireless microphone that you pass around to the people who You know the extra people for the time they want to talk That's a good idea
Speaker J: Well, I just not sure how we would hand like you know Jerry Springer
Speaker F: Yeah, there might be a way to see that there are gonna be these different people to nail the chairs down and yeah
Speaker H: If we can't get another board name it for the few times that you might want to have that Let's figure that we have eight which are set up and then there's a ninth which is pass around Yeah, that's a good idea infinite expansion Right We're left
Speaker F: Or also for you know, we can just hand around the lapel
Speaker J: Rather than get it you want to
Speaker H: Really, you know better yes, okay, I don't know but I know the lapel is also it depends on the handheld But hand of many handhelds are built with sort of anti shock sort of things so that it is less susceptible to hand noises If you hold the lapel mic you just give me the sorts of jump
Speaker F: I mean the ones they really pass around must be so I wonder if they have one that will hook up
Speaker J: What I wonder if they have one that will hook up to this or whether you would want to
Speaker I: Very just wanted to hook into the receiver in the other room, right?
Speaker H: No, that's a good one. It's not built into the mic. Oh you say get it get a different radio
Speaker F: Yeah, just these ones that they Yeah, I'm with no you know wireless Have a little antenna come up
Speaker J: It's gonna be much easier to get one of these and just plug in a mic isn't it?
Speaker C: But then the mic has to but you have to hand it around and if you have two pieces of
Speaker H: So right, so this is a good point. So yeah, you have these these mics with a little antenna on you
Speaker J: Okay, and do you think you would be able to use the same receiver?
Speaker H: You know, it's just a frequency But that's that's a great idea and then just sort of have that as the and then you can have groups of 20 people Yeah, because there's only
Speaker F: But it out actually I think in the large the larger the group the less Interact less people are talking Over each other just there might be a lot of people that speak ones or twice
Speaker J: Yeah, okay, so I guess people who have to leave can leave and do we have anything else to discuss or should we just do digits?
Speaker E: I thought of some extra One of them is So as of last night I assigned 12 hours and they'd finish nine and my goal was to have them 11 done by the end of the month I think that by tomorrow will have 10 It's great
Speaker F: I got this email from jaynet like two in the morning or something. So it's really great
Speaker E: Thanks And then um also an idea for another meeting which would be to have the transcribers talk about the day Uh, it's sort of a that's a great idea super right very interesting. I'd love to hear what they have say
Speaker I: So that we can remember all the little so if we got them to talk about this meeting it would be a meta meta
Speaker H: The rest is you know you have a transcribers and there's 10 of us. So how do we do this? The only thing or just have them have their own meeting
Speaker E: Well, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah, yeah, that would be great And they and they've made observations to me like they say Uh, you know, this meeting that we think has so much overlap in fact it does But there are other groups of similar size that have very little you know as part of it It's known that the group and all that and they have various observations that would be that's a great idea
Speaker H: Yeah, I'd like to hear what they said say so maybe we could they could have a meeting More or less without us that to do this and we should record it and then maybe one or two of them could come to one of these meetings Give us a status. You can tell us about it. Yeah
Speaker F: They will get to transcriber on meetings, but they also get paid for having a break and I think that's a good idea. Yeah They're really good at them involved It's a great idea really sorry. I have to
Speaker E: I have to go as well. Okay, and then I wanted to also say something about the Fiskus John Fiskus visit tomorrow And which is to say that it'll be from nine to one that I'm going to I offer the organization allow him to Adjust it if he wishes, but to be basically in three parts the acoustic part coming first which would be basically the room engineering aspects Other things and he'll be also presenting what NIST is doing and then number two would be sort of a The transcription process so this would be a focus on like pre segmentation and the modifications to the multi-trans interface Which allows more refined encoding of the beginnings and ends of the overlapping segments Which Dave Hillbart spend doing and then Of course the pre segmentation to you has been doing and then the third part would and again He has some stuff this relevant with respect to NIST and then the third one would be focus on transcription standards So at NIST he's interested in this establishment of a global encoding standard and I guess I can say I want to you know See what they're doing and also present what what we've chosen as ours and and discuss that kind of thing And so but he's only here till till one and actually we're thinking of noon being lunchtime So basically hoping that we can get as much of this done as possible before Okay, good and everybody wants to attend this welcome Oh, where are you going to meet here mostly but I've also reserved the barcode room To figure out how that works in terms of like maybe having a live demonstration
Speaker H: Keep it the nine o'clock. I'll be here. Yeah. I assume we're not going to try to record it. Oh, I think
Speaker J: Yeah, all right
Speaker H: So maybe do digits and unless there's anything else do digital
Speaker J: Uh should we make him wear and race his mic or would that just be too confusing? No, I don't think it's confusing
Speaker H: Well
Speaker J: Mess up the forms channel change right? Yeah, I just don't know how we do that. So
Speaker I: I mean other than on three forms here on the top there
Speaker J: Just clip it to your collar
Speaker B: Okay, my name is uh Espen Ericsson. I'm an origin. I'm uh this is my second semester at Berkeley currently I'm taking uh my first graduate level courses in DSP And then when I come back to Norway, I'm going to continue with the more research project work kind of work So this semester I'm starting up with the with a small project Through uh David Gail Bart which I'm taking a course with I couldn't touch with him. He told me about this project So with the help of uh Dan Ellis I'm going to do Small project associated to this What I'm going to try to do is uh use use echo cancellation to um To handle the periods where we have overlapping talk To try to do something about that. So currently I'm uh Just reading up on echo cancellation Looking into the theory behind that and then Hopefully get some results So it's a it's a project goes over the course of one semester All right, so I'm just here to date introduce myself Till that'll be I'll be working on this
Speaker J: And are you staying at Berkeley or are you just here or semester?
Speaker B: This is my second semester around the last It's so
Speaker H: Yeah, he's in the course to do two five decals. Yeah, I'm in Mullins course here
Speaker E: And then you go back to Norway this year
Speaker G: We're just talking about something like this yesterday Or yeah yesterday with Liz So this is
Speaker J: Legends Okay, this is transcript three four three one three four five oh 55591 681 4303 778 6030 8 9 0 040 5 0 1442477 257 8266 345 6082 8104832 99 0316 819 09300 192 2 305 112
None: 133 Trash green set 339 3 4 1 0 3 4 5 0 712 849 972 6 8 8 1 OZ 0 12 427 329 7 550 654 4 778 2 8 9 9 0 1133 1 8 7 2 4 0 2 3 7 2
Speaker G: Transfer 337 1-3390 2 309 5 2 403 1 8 654 0 0 11 764 259 4 8 8 9 0 0 252 3 4 5 0 4 4 2 2 0 5 8 6 7 8 0 0 1 6 5 0 0 4 3 2 1 7 2 9 6
Speaker B: Transcript number 351 1 Dash 353 0 8 0 3 2 1 0 7 0 5 9 1 9 2 3 6 5 2 4 5 0 752 9 8 3 8 2 9 3 0 0 8 7 8 0 6 0 1 2 4 1 3 5 3 7 6 4 7 8
Speaker I: Transcript 349 1-3510 7 0 9-258 443 0 5 4 9 0 8 1-5-0-2-1 2 3 4 0 0-8-8 6 6 4 9-6 7 5 7 7 8 0-7 8 5 9 0 0 2-49 9-8-2-0 3-50 4 2-8-0-0-9 5 6 7
Speaker H: Transcript 347 1-349-0 7 1 8 7 7 3 9 6 0 8 0 1 2 4 2 1 3 6 0 0 5 4 8 7 5 7 2 6619 167 7 8 9 0 1 4 2 2 3 7 0 2 4 5 7 1 6
Speaker E: Transcript 345 1-347 0 6 7 7 7 8 8 8 7 9 8 4 8 5 6 9 0 0 2 2 5 2 5 3 0 3 8 4 4 9 4 4 1 5 9 0 3 6 8 0 1 5 7 0 5 8 0 4 7 2 6 0 5 4 1 5 9 2 3 4 5 0
Speaker J: 4 5
None: 4 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5 5
