Speaker D: headphones that aren't so uncomfortable. I think this should be off the record, but I think
Speaker E: that okay. We're not recording yet are we?
Speaker I: No, that was some recording. I don't think that designed to be over your years.
Speaker D: Yeah, I know. It just, it really hurts. It gives you a headache. Temples, features. Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker I: I thought I definitely haven't figured it out.
Speaker A: I guess I have to need a quarter of my contentment, you know, after
Speaker H: some of the things that Kevin Chiena has said. We know exactly how much you have left. What were we going to talk about again? We said data collection, which we're doing.
Speaker E: We're going to do it. Do we go around the room and do names or anything?
Speaker I: I think that's going to do. Usually we've done that. Also, we've done digits as well, but I forgot to print it out. So, besides with this big group.
Speaker I: No, I'd be better with this big. Yeah, but it takes too much time.
Speaker J: All right. What?
Speaker J: You'll think maybe point together in funny direction.
Speaker J: Sort of it.
Speaker J: The elephant would consider what it was.
Speaker E: Whoops.
Speaker J: Sort of it.
Speaker J: Would it?
Speaker J: Sort of thing.
Speaker J: Oh, this thing.
Speaker F: That's it.
Speaker F: Otherwise it just gets hard to read.
Speaker H: Oh, yeah, the element should be close to your mouth as possible.
Speaker E: All right. How's that working?
Speaker J: It's fine.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker H: All right. So, what we had was that we were going to talk about data collection.
Speaker H: And you put up their data format and other tasks during data collection.
Speaker E: So, I think the goal was, what can we do? How can you do the data collection differently to get?
Speaker E: What can you add to it to get some information that would be helpful for the user interface design?
Speaker E: Like especially for querying.
Speaker E: Especially for querying. So, getting people to do queries afterwards, getting people to do summaries afterwards.
Speaker F: One thing that came up in the morning was the, if he has, I remember Mr.
Speaker F: Andrew. So, he has these note-taking things that would sort of be a summary which he wouldn't have to solicit if he were able to.
Speaker E: Well, if you actually take notes as a summary as opposed to take notes in the sense of taking advantage of the timestamp.
Speaker E: So, action item or reminder to send this to so and so blah, blah, blah.
Speaker E: So, that wouldn't be a summary. That would just be, that would be related to the query side.
Speaker I: But if we had the cross paths, we could ask people, you know, if something comes up, write it down and market somehow.
Speaker J: Right. I mean, we, because you'd have several people with these paths, you could collect different things.
None: Right.
Speaker J: Because I tend to take notes which is summaries and so.
Speaker A: I mean, the downside to that is that he sort of indicated that the quality of the handwriting recognition was quite poor.
Speaker I: Well, that's all right. I don't think there'd be so many that you couldn't have someone clean it up pretty easily.
Speaker E: Yeah, we also could come up with some code for things that people want to do so that for frequent things.
Speaker E: And that other things people can write whatever they want.
Speaker E: I mean, it's to some extent for his benefit.
Speaker E: So, is that, you know, if we just keep it simple, then maybe it's still useful.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker H: I just realized we skipped the part that we were saying we were going to do at the front or reach to do who we were.
None: The roll call.
Speaker E: Right. I thought you did that on purpose.
Speaker E: But anyways, we didn't roll call.
Speaker H: No, no, no, no. I just, I might go elsewhere.
Speaker H: So, yeah, I'm Morgan and I'm on channel three.
Speaker I: And I'm Adam Janon on channel eight.
Speaker F: I'm Jane Edwards. I think on channel B.
Speaker J: I'm Dan Ellis.
Speaker A: Eric on channel nine.
Speaker D: Liz on channel one.
Speaker E: Marie on channel zero.
Speaker C: Catherine on channel two.
Speaker F: Should we use pseudonyms?
Speaker F: Should we do it a second time with pseudonyms?
Speaker H: Rocky Rekun.
Speaker I: You want to hear your channels and the museums?
Speaker J: Uh, museums, tourists, tourists, next, next, next ones.
Speaker J: Barabist, PDM, right?
Speaker J: PZM, right?
Speaker J: PDA, right?
Speaker J: PDA left.
Speaker I: And eventually once this room gets a little more organized, the gym let will be mounted under the table.
Speaker I: And these guys will be permanently mounted somehow, you know, probably with double sided tape.
Speaker I: But so we won't have to go through that.
Speaker F: I have a question on protocol in these meetings, which is when you say, Jim, the person listening won't know what that is.
Speaker F: How do we get, is that important information?
Speaker F: No, the, Jim, I mean the box that contains it.
Speaker H: Well, I mean, supposed to be broadened out and go to a range of meetings besides just these internal ones.
Speaker H: There's going to be lots of things that any group of people know each other have in common, that we will not know.
Speaker E: Right. So there will be jargon that we, they'll be transcriptionaries.
Speaker H: Okay. I mean, we were originally going to do this with the illicit design.
Speaker H: And the reason we didn't go straight to that was because immediately 90% of what we heard would be jargon to us.
Speaker H: That's one of the reasons.
Speaker H: But yeah.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker H: That's right.
Speaker H: We're on this, of course.
Speaker F: Okay, so we were on the data collection.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker F: And the summary issue.
Speaker E: So, so actually there's kind of three issues.
Speaker E: There's the cross pad issue.
Speaker E: Should we do it?
Speaker E: And if so, what do we have them do?
Speaker E: Do we have people write summaries?
Speaker E: Everybody or one person?
Speaker E: And then do we ask people for how they would query things?
Speaker A: There's some problems in that.
Speaker A: And then when do you actually ask them about that?
Speaker A: I mean, that was one thing I was thinking about was is that Dan said earlier that maybe two weeks later, which is when you would want to query, you can say, wait, ask them that.
Speaker A: But there's a problem with that in that if you're not, if you don't have an interactive system, it's going to be hard to go beyond sort of the first level of question.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: And for explore the data further.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So.
Speaker H: There's another problem, which is we certainly do want to branch out beyond recording meetings about meeting recorder.
Speaker H: And once we get out beyond our little group, people's motivation factor reduces enormously.
Speaker H: And if we start giving them a bunch of other things to do, we did another meeting here for another group.
Speaker H: And they were fine with it.
Speaker H: But if we'd said, okay, now all eight of you have to come up with a lesson.
Speaker I: Well, I asked them to.
Speaker I: And none of them did.
Speaker I: So I asked them to send me ideas for queries after the meeting.
Speaker I: And no one ever did.
Speaker I: I didn't follow up either.
Speaker I: So track them down and say, please do it now.
Speaker I: But no one spontaneously provided anything.
Speaker H: I'm worried that even if you did push them into it, it might be semi-random.
Speaker H: Right.
Speaker H: I suppose to what you'd really want to know if you were going to use this thing.
Speaker I: I just don't know how else to generate the query something getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say that's important.
Speaker I: That might be a query.
Speaker F: Well, there is this other thing, which we too are looking to early, which is there are certain key words, like action item, things like that, which could be used in.
Speaker J: So.
Speaker F: Yeah, and I think the structure around.
Speaker F: And I also was thinking with reference to the note-taking, the advantage there is that you get structure without the person having to do something artificial later.
Speaker F: One of the third thing I want to say is the summaries afterwards.
Speaker F: I think they should be recorded instead of written, because I think that it would take so long for people to write that I think you wouldn't get as good a summary.
Speaker E: How about this idea that normally, at most meetings, somebody is delegated to be a note taker?
Speaker E: I have a good point.
Speaker E: And so why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes?
Speaker E: I mean, that gives you a summary,
Speaker I: but it doesn't really, how do you generate queries from that?
Speaker J: Well, I mean, maybe a summary is one of the things we'd want from the app to the system, right?
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker J: And something actually.
Speaker I: Then James and I were talking about this during one of the breaks, and the problem with that is, I'm definitely going to do something with information retrieval, even if it's sort of full bore, what I'm going to do for my thesis, I'm going to do something.
Speaker I: I'm not going to do anything with summarization.
Speaker I: And so if someone wants to do that, that's fine, but it's not going to be me.
Speaker H: Well, I think that we, I mean, the core thing is that once we get some of these issues nailed down, we need to do a bunch of recordings, and send them off to IBM, and get a bunch of transcriptions, even if they're slightly flawed or need some other, and then we'll have some data there.
Speaker H: And then we can start looking at thinking, what do we want to know about these things, and the very least.
Speaker D: I actually want to say something about the note pad.
Speaker D: So if you could sense just when people are writing, and you tell them not to doodle or try not to be using that for other purposes, and each person has a note pad.
Speaker D: They just get it when they come in a room.
Speaker D: Then you can just have a plot of, you know, who's writing when?
Speaker D: That's all you, and you can also have notes of the meeting.
Speaker D: But I bet that's, that will allow you to go into the, sort of the hot places where people write things down.
Speaker A: I mean, you can tell when you're in a meeting,
Speaker D: when everyone stops and writes something down, that something was just said, it may not be kept in the later summary, but at that point in time, it was something that was important.
Speaker D: That wouldn't take any extra.
Speaker D: Absolutely.
Speaker D: Or someone could just, you could just put your hand on the pad and collect that if you want to.
Speaker H: That's a good idea, but maybe I'm missing something.
Speaker H: That doesn't get to the question of how we come up with queries, right?
Speaker H: Well, what it does,
Speaker D: you can go to the points where you can actually go to those points in time and find out what they were talking about.
Speaker D: And you, yeah.
Speaker E: Well, what it does is provide a different, I think it's an interesting thing.
Speaker E: I don't think it gets at the queries per se, but it does give us an information fusion sort of thing that you want to say, what were the hot points of the meeting?
Speaker H: That's what I mean is that I think it gets us something interesting.
Speaker H: But if we were asking a question, which I thought we were of, of how do we figure out what's the nature of the queries that people are going to want to ask of such a system, knowing what's important doesn't tell you what people are going to be asking.
Speaker D: But I bet it's a good superset of it.
Speaker E: Well, I think you could say they're going to ask about when did so-and-so talk about blah, and at least that gives you the word that they might run a query on.
Speaker D: These are the questions where there are maybe keywords.
Speaker I: This would tell you what the hit is, not what the query is.
Speaker I: Right, right.
Speaker E: It'll tell you the hit, but I think we're in a query for a moment.
Speaker D: It's a little bit dangerous right now.
Speaker D: We don't even know what, I mean, if you want to find out what an user will use, that might be true for one domain and one user, but I mean a different domain and a different user.
Speaker H: Yeah, but we're just looking for a place to start with that, because what James is going to be doing is looking at the user interface and he's looking at the query.
Speaker H: We have five hours of pilot data of the other stuff, but we have zero hours of queries.
Speaker H: So he's just sort of going where do I start?
Speaker E: Well, you could do, I think the summaries actually may help get us there for a couple reasons.
Speaker E: One, if you have a bunch of summaries, you can do a word frequency count and see what words come up in different types of meetings.
Speaker E: So action item is going to come up, whether it's a VLSI meeting or speech meeting or whatever.
Speaker E: So words that come up in different types of meetings, maybe something that you would want to query about.
Speaker E: The second thing you could possibly do with it is just run a little pilot experiment with somebody saying, here's a summary of a meeting, what questions might you want to ask about it to go back?
Speaker I: I think that's difficult because then they're not going to ask the questions that are in the summary.
Speaker E: Well, I think it would give...
Speaker E: That's one possible scenario, though, is you have the summary and you want to ask questions to get more detail.
Speaker I: Yeah, I think it has to be a participant.
Speaker B: Well, it doesn't have to be.
Speaker I: Okay, so that is another use of meeting recorder that we haven't really talked about, which is for someone else, as opposed to as a remembrance agent, which is what had been my primary thought in the information retrieval part of it, with the...
Speaker I: But I guess if you had a meeting participant, they could use the summary to refresh themselves about the meeting and then make up queries.
Speaker I: But it's not...
Speaker I: I don't know how to do it until you have a system.
Speaker D: The summary is actually going to drive the queries, then.
Speaker D: I mean, you're just going to be very circular.
Speaker J: But there is this class of queries, which are the things that you didn't realize were important at the time, that some in retrospect, you think, well, Hang on, didn't we talk about that?
Speaker J: And it's not like the dinner trend summary, but that's kind of what this complete data capture is kind of nice as for.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker J: Because the thing is that you wouldn't have bothered to make an effort to record that they get recorded.
Speaker J: So I mean, and there's no way generally it knows until we just play at Shiaqa.
Speaker D: So you could always post-talk, label them.
Speaker J: Right, right, exactly.
Speaker J: But I mean, it's difficult to sort of say.
Speaker J: And if I was going to ask four questions about this, what would they be?
Speaker J: Those are the kind of things that come up.
Speaker I: But at least then we'd get us started.
Speaker J: Oh, yeah.
Speaker F: I have something that if you can use the summaries as an indication of the important points of the meeting, then you might get something like, so if the obscure item you want to know more about was the sum form of data collection, you know, maybe the summary would say, you know, we discuss types of data collection.
Speaker F: And, you know, and maybe you could get to it by that.
Speaker F: If you have the larger structure of the discourse, then if you can categorize what it is that you're looking for with reference to those larger headaches, then you can find that even if you don't have direct root to that.
Speaker I: Although it seems like that's a high burden on the note-taker.
Speaker I: That's a pretty fine grain that the note-taker will have to take.
Speaker D: Maybe Landay can put a student into the note-taker.
Speaker E: No, I think you've got to have somebody who knows the topic or, you know, whose job it is delegated to be the note-taker.
Speaker E: Somebody who's putting it in the...
Speaker D: No, I mean, but someone who can come sit in on the meetings and then takes the notes with them that the real note-taker.
Speaker D: And that way that one student has, you know, a rough idea of what was going on, and they can use it for their research.
Speaker D: I mean, this isn't really necessarily what you would do in a real system, because that's a lot of trouble, and maybe it's not the best way to do it.
Speaker D: But if he has some students that want to study that, then they should sort of get to know the people and attend those meetings and get the notes from the note-taker.
Speaker I: Well, I think that's a little bit of a problem.
Speaker I: They're sort of note-taking application stuff they've been doing for the last couple of years, and I don't think anyone is still working on it.
Speaker I: I think they're done.
Speaker I: So I'm not sure that they have anyone currently working on notes.
Speaker I: So we'd have to interest someone in is the combination of note and speech.
Speaker I: And so the question is, is there such a person, I think right now, the answer is no.
Speaker H: I've been thinking about a little bit here about this.
Speaker H: I think that the, now I'm thinking that the summary is actually a reasonable bootstrap into what we'd like to get at.
Speaker H: It's not ideal, but we have to get started someplace.
Speaker H: So I was just thinking about, suppose we wanted to get, we have this collection of meaning.
Speaker H: We have five hours of stuff.
Speaker H: We get that transcribes.
Speaker H: Now we have five hours of meetings, and you ask me, what kind of questions do you want to ask?
Speaker H: I wouldn't have any idea what kind of questions I want to ask.
Speaker H: I'd have to get started someplace.
Speaker H: So in fact, if I looked at a summary of it, I'd go, oh yeah, I was in that meeting.
Speaker H: I remember that.
Speaker H: What was the part that, and I think that might then help me to think of things, even things that aren't listed in the summary, but just as a refresh of what the general thing was going on in the meeting.
Speaker E: I think it serves two purposes.
Speaker E: One, as sort of a refresh to help bootstrap queries.
Speaker E: But also, I mean, maybe we do want to generate summaries.
Speaker B: Oh yeah, that's true.
Speaker E: And then it's, you know, it's kind of a key.
Speaker D: So how does the summary get generated?
Speaker D: I'm not a good idea of a summary, but I want to, to think carefully, suppose generating it, and how, because the summary will drive the queries.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker E: What I think, you know, in most meetings, this one being different, but in most meetings that I attend, there's somebody explicitly taking notes frequently on a laptop.
Speaker E: You can just make it be on a laptop.
Speaker E: So then you're dealing with ASCII and not somebody.
Speaker E: You don't have to go through handwriting recognition.
Speaker E: And then they post-edited into a summary, and they email it out for a minute.
Speaker E: I mean, that happens in most meetings.
Speaker F: I think that we're using summary in two different ways.
Speaker F: So what you just described, I would describe as minutes.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: What I originally thought was, if you ask someone, what was the meeting about?
Speaker F: And then they would say, what we talked about this, and then we talked about that, and so on and so on, we talked about it.
Speaker F: And then you'd have like, my thought was to have multiple people summarize it on recording rather than writing, because writing takes time, and you get a relevant other thing to take time.
Speaker F: Whereas if you just say it immediately after the meeting, about two minutes summary of what the meeting was about, I think you get, see, I also worry about having a single note anchor, because that's just one person's perception.
Speaker F: And it's relevant to what your focus was on that meeting.
Speaker F: And people have different major topics that they're interested in.
Speaker F: So my proposal would be that you may be worth considering both of those types.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay. Taking an spontaneous oral summary afterwards no longer than two minutes.
Speaker H: Adam, you can correct me on this, but my impression was that pretty much true that the meeting's here, nobody sits with a laptop.
Speaker I: And never seen it at the big scene.
Speaker I: Does anyone, I mean, Dan is the one who most frequently take notes.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker J: And when we have other meetings, when I have meetings in the European projects, we have someone take that.
Speaker J: And we're like, yeah, but those are bigger, deal things, right?
Speaker H: Where you've got 15 people.
Speaker H: I mean, most, this is one of the larger meetings.
Speaker H: Most of the meetings we have here are four or five people.
Speaker H: And you're not, you don't have somebody sitting and taking minutes for it.
Speaker H: You just get together and talk about what you're doing.
Speaker E: I think it depends on whether it's a business meeting or a technical discussion.
Speaker E: And I agree technical discussions.
Speaker E: You don't usually have somebody taking notes.
Speaker I: But I ran a meeting.
Speaker I: I think notes that read.
Speaker I: Do they?
Speaker I: A person with a laptop.
Speaker J: Do you mean the only people that has any tips?
Speaker I: They're more, I mean, they're 10-ish.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker D: You should also have a record of what's on the board.
Speaker D: I mean, I find it very hard to reconstruct what's going on.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: And this is something early in the project we talked a lot about.
Speaker D: I don't know how, but for instance, I mean, the outline is sort of up here.
Speaker D: And that's what people are seeing.
Speaker D: And if you have a, or you could tell people not to use the board, but there's sort of this missing information.
Speaker I: We should, but you just, you could end up with video.
Speaker I: Well, and instrumented rooms.
Speaker I: And that's a different project, I think.
Speaker J: I think for this data capture, it would be nice to have a digital camera.
Speaker J: Just to take pictures of who's there, where the microphones are, and then we go, so if I didn't want to go, you'd have like three or four snaps.
Speaker D: I agree.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's one of the things that we don't think that's...
Speaker D: I mean, it will have a very hard time understanding.
Speaker D: Don't you think that's the...
Speaker J: Well, no, I mean, I think, I mean, I think, I mean, I think the right now, we don't make a record of whether people are sitting on the tables.
Speaker J: Right.
Speaker J: And at some point, that might be off the use.
Speaker I: But I think adding...
Speaker I: I mean, photographs, at a whole other level of progress.
Speaker I: It's just a digital record.
Speaker J: Not as part of the data you have to recover.
Speaker B: Just in terms of...
Speaker J: Like archiving.
Speaker F: Yes, I agree.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker F: Because it's close enough about things, and then you have the things that are not later
Speaker D: might be able to take these and say, okay, they, you know, at least these are the people who are there.
Speaker D: And here's sort of what they started talking about.
Speaker F: And it's so simple, like, you said, three snapshots.
Speaker F: And...
Speaker H: Lizzy...
Speaker H: You said in on the subcommittee meeting or whatever, on the subcommittee meeting for at the workshop we were at that Mark Leverman was having.
Speaker H: So I wasn't there.
Speaker H: They must have had some discussion about video and visual aspect, and all that.
Speaker D: Big, big interest.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Huge, I mean, it personally, I don't, I would never want to deal with it.
Speaker D: I'm saying, first of all, there's a whole bunch of fusion issues that Dyerf was interested in, you know, fusing gesture and face recognition even live movement and things like that for this kind of task.
Speaker D: And there's also, I think, a personal interest on a part of Mark Leverman in this kind of, in storing these images in any data we collect for that later, we can do it, I think, with it.
Speaker H: So to address what Adam's saying, I mean, I think that the key thing there is that this is a description of database collection effort that they're talking about doing.
Speaker H: And if the database exists and includes some visual information that doesn't mean that an individual researcher is going to make any use of it, right?
Speaker H: So.
Speaker I: But then it's going to be a lot of effort on our part to create it and store it and.
Speaker H: Right, so we're going to.
Speaker I: Standards and to do anything with it.
Speaker H: So we're going to do what we're going to do, whatever is reasonable for us.
Speaker H: But having.
Speaker D: Very crude, like I know with Atis, we just had a tape recorder running all the time.
Speaker D: And later on, it turned out it was really good that you had a tape recorder of what was happening, even though you just got the speech from the machine.
Speaker D: So if you can find some really low, perplexity, yeah, way of doing that, I think it would be worthwhile.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker F: If it's simple, I mean, it's simple as to just the digital.
Speaker H: It's the digital.
Speaker H: Well, minimally, I mean, what Dan is referring to is, at least having some representation of the spatial position of the people, because we are interested in some spatial processing.
Speaker H: So.
Speaker I: Now what's the room a little more fixed?
Speaker I: That's a little easier to do.
Speaker I: Well, the wireless.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker D: Also, CMU has been doing this.
Speaker D: They were the most vocal at this meeting, Alex Weibelskrup.
Speaker D: And they have said, I talked to the student who had done this, that with two fairly inexpensive cameras, they just recorded all the time, and were able to get all the information from, or maybe it was three, from all the pets.
Speaker D: So I think we might lose the chance to use this data for somebody later who wants to do some kind of processing on it if we don't.
Speaker I: I don't disagree.
Speaker I: I think that if you have that, then people who are interested in vision can use this database.
Speaker I: The problem with it is you have more people who don't want to be filmed than who don't want to be recorded.
Speaker I: So that there's going to be another group of people who are going to say, I won't participate.
Speaker D: Or you could put a paper bag over everybody's head and not look at each other and not look at boards, and just I'll be sitting talking that would be an interesting video.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: But I think we're just proposing a minimal preservation.
Speaker D: I definitely won't participate as a camera.
Speaker D: It's a spatial organization, and you can
Speaker F: anonymize the faces for that matter.
Speaker I: This is a lot of infrastructure and work.
Speaker D: It's just set it up as long as anonymizing the movie. Not for CMU.
Speaker D: They have a pretty crude setup.
Speaker D: And they had, they just turned on these cameras.
Speaker D: They were not moving or anything.
Speaker D: Couldn't find it.
Speaker D: And stored it on analog media.
Speaker D: They didn't actually align it or anything.
Speaker D: They have it though.
Speaker F: That's worth considering.
Speaker F: Maybe you want to sit in that much more time.
Speaker D: Did they start digitally?
Speaker D: I think they just had the videotapes with a counter or something.
Speaker H: Well, I think for me, for our purposes, we probably might try that some.
Speaker H: And we certainly already have some recordings that don't have that.
Speaker H: Which we'll get other value out of, I think.
Speaker F: The thing is, if it's easy to collect, then I think it's a wise thing to do because once it's gone, it's gone.
Speaker D: And just the community, if LDC collects this data, I mean, if Mark Liverman is a strong proponent of how they collect it and what they collect, there will probably be some video data in there.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker D: And so that could argue for us.
Speaker D: Not doing it, or it could argue for us doing it.
Speaker D: The only place where it's available relapses when some of the summarization issues actually could be easier, maybe easier if you had the video.
Speaker H: I think at the moment, we should be determining this on the basis of our own interests and needs rather than hypothetical ones from a community thing.
Speaker H: As you say, if they decide it's really critical, then they will collect a lot more data than we can afford to.
Speaker H: And we'll include all that.
Speaker H: I'm not worried about the cost of setting it up.
Speaker H: I'm worried about the cost of people looking at it.
Speaker H: In other words, it'd be kind of silly to collect it all and not look at it at all.
Speaker H: And so I think that we do have to do some picking choosing of the stuff that we're doing.
Speaker H: But I do think that we minimally want something that we might want to look at some subsets of that.
Speaker H: For a meeting like this, at least take a polar ride of the board.
Speaker D: Or at least make sure that the note taker takes a snapshot of the board.
Speaker D: And know the position of the people.
Speaker D: That'll make it a lot easier for meetings that are structured.
Speaker D: I mean, otherwise, later on, if nobody wrote this stuff on the board down, we have a harder time summarizing it or agreeing on that.
Speaker F: I suppose this is comp-knowledge.
Speaker F: I mean, this is shared knowledge among all the participants.
Speaker F: And it's a shame to keep it off the recording.
Speaker I: If we weren't recording this, this would get lost, right?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I don't understand that point.
Speaker F: I just think that the point is that we're not saving it
Speaker I: anyway, right, in our real life setting.
Speaker E: What do you mean we're not saving it anyway? I've written all of this down and it's getting easier until you're able to.
Speaker I: Well, in that case, we don't need to take pictures of it.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: That would be the other option.
Speaker D: I'm trying to make sure that anything that was on the board.
Speaker E: Well, that's where I'm saying that I think the note-taking would be, I think, for many meetings, there will be some sort of note-taking, in which case, that's a useful thing to have.
Speaker E: I mean, we don't need to require it.
Speaker E: I mean, I think it would be great if we try to get a picture with every meeting.
Speaker E: So we won't worry about requiring these things, but the more things that we can get it for, the more useful it will be for various applications.
Speaker H: So I mean, departing from the moment from the data collection question, but actually talking about this group and what we actually want to do.
Speaker H: So I guess that's the way you were figuring on doing was putting together some notes and sending them to everybody from today.
Speaker H: OK.
Speaker H: So the question that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during the collection.
Speaker H: I guess the cross pads were certainly one idea, and we'll get them from him.
Speaker H: We'll just do that.
Speaker H: And then the next thing we talked about was the summaries.
Speaker H: And are we going to do anything about that?
Speaker E: Well, before we leave the cross pads and call it done, so if I'm collecting data, then there is this question of do I use cross pads.
Speaker E: So I think that if we really seriously have me collect data and I can't use cross pads, it's probably less useful for you guys to go to the trouble of using it, unless you think that the cross pads are going to.
Speaker E: I'm not sure what they're going to do, but having a small percentage of the data with it, I'm not sure whether that's useful or not.
Speaker E: Maybe it's something to do.
Speaker E: Maybe we just do it and see what happens.
Speaker H: I guess the point was to try again to try to collect more information that could be useful later for the UI stuff.
Speaker H: So it's sort of landy supplying it so that landy stuff can be easier to do.
Speaker H: So right now, he's operating from zero.
Speaker H: And so even if we didn't get it done from UW, it seems like that could still at least try it.
Speaker D: I think it would be useful to have a small amount of it just as a proof of concept.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker I: And he's not able to give enough of them away so we could probably get more as well.
Speaker E: That's true.
Speaker E: So if it seems to be really useful to you guys, we could probably get a donation to me.
Speaker I: Yeah, I'm not sure.
Speaker I: I think it will again depend on landy.
Speaker I: And if he has a student who's interested in how much infrastructure we'll need, I mean, if it's easy, we can just do it.
Speaker I: But if it requires a lot of our time, we probably won't do it.
Speaker H: It's a lot of the stuff we're doing now really is pilot.
Speaker H: And once that's in other instance, we try it out.
Speaker H: We're going to see how it works.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I just wouldn't base any of the modeling on having those.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker I: I agree with that.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker I: I think the important smarting is a good idea, though, that if people want something in front of them.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That shouldn't be hard for them.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker I: Doing pilots or laptops or something.
Speaker E: OK, if something's important, everyone clap.
Speaker E: OK, so cross paths, we're just going to try it and see what happens.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker E: OK, note taking.
Speaker E: So I think that this is going to be useful.
Speaker E: So if we record data, I will definitely ask for it.
Speaker E: So I think we should just say, we don't want to put any extra burden on people.
Speaker E: But if they happen to generate minutes, could they send it to us?
Speaker E: Absolutely.
Speaker E: And then what it's going to say is that I don't want
Speaker I: to ask people to do something. They wouldn't normally do it in a meeting.
Speaker I: So I just want to keep doing it.
Speaker I: I'm just going to keep doing it.
Speaker I: I think definitely the thing is this.
Speaker I: And then James idea of summarization afterward, I think is not bad picking out, basically, to let you pick out keywords and construct queries.
Speaker I: So who does this?
Speaker I: Yeah, thank you.
Speaker I: People in the meeting.
Speaker I: Yeah, just at the end of the meeting before you go.
Speaker I: Without worrying each other.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or even just one or two people stay behind.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker J: People with radiant mics can go and separate rooms.
Speaker J: We continue recording.
Speaker J: But that is just nice thing.
Speaker D: Then you should try them a few weeks later.
Speaker D: And they have all these memory experiments about how we're going to actually retain it.
Speaker J: That's the thing.
Speaker J: We collect four different summaries.
Speaker J: You know, we're going to get all this weird data about how people perceive things differently.
Speaker J: It's like, this is not what we meant to reset.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker J: OK.
Speaker J: That's right.
Speaker E: But again, like the cross paths, I don't think I would base a lot of stuff on it.
Speaker E: Because I think I know when I see the clock coming near the end of the meeting, I'm like inching towards the door.
Speaker E: So you're probably not going to get a lot of people wanting to do this.
Speaker I: I think maybe.
Speaker I: Is email easier?
Speaker I: I mean, when you first said, do it spoken.
Speaker I: What I was thinking is, oh, then, you want to come up and you want to hook them up to the recorder.
Speaker I: So if they're already here, I think that's good.
Speaker I: But if they're not already here, I'd rather do email.
Speaker F: Yeah, I just have to go over the least intrusive and quickest way is, and then closest to the meeting time to it, because people start to forget it is insane.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time.
Speaker E: Because they're kind of a captive audience once they leave.
Speaker E: Forget it.
Speaker E: But it's.
Speaker E: We did digits do the summary.
Speaker E: But I don't think that they'll necessarily, you'll get many people willing to stay.
Speaker E: But if you get even one.
Speaker H: Well, I think it's like the note-taking thing that you can't sort of be a provider or you don't even want to do this.
Speaker H: But if there's some cases where they will, then it would be helpful.
Speaker F: And I'm also wondering, couldn't that be included in the data sample so that you could increase the number of the boards that are recognized by a particular individual?
Speaker F: If you could include the person's meeting step and also the person's summary step, maybe that would be.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker J: It's kind of nice.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker F: Under the same acoustic circumstance, because they just want things to grow in their setup.
Speaker F: Nothing's changed.
Speaker A: So I have a question about queries.
Speaker A: I'm going to make.
Speaker I: Which is, can we turn that light off?
Speaker I: Can we turn that just?
Speaker H: The fluorescent light is flickering, yeah.
Speaker H: Oh, it is.
Speaker F: There it is.
Speaker F: OK.
Speaker E: How much was it?
Speaker E: For a little while, I thought it was just that I was really tired.
Speaker E: Too much caffeine.
Speaker E: Too much caffeine.
Speaker E: It really tired.
Speaker E: No, maybe that's real.
Speaker A: I thought it was the projector for a moment.
Speaker A: The question I had about queries was, so what we're planning to do is have people look at the sum raise and then generate queries?
Speaker I: Or are we going to try to generate queries?
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker A: And that was one suggestion.
Speaker A: So the question I had is, we've given any thought to how we would generate queries automatically given a summary.
Speaker A: I mean, I think there's a little research topic onto itself so that it may not be a feasible thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: So did a land day in his group be in charge of figuring out how to do this?
Speaker D: I mean, this is an issue that goes a little bit beyond where we are right now.
Speaker D: Very, very expert.
Speaker J: Yeah?
Speaker E: It's a little too wide to be picked up.
Speaker E: What's our schedule?
Speaker H: Well, you still want to talk to the students.
Speaker E: If you and I need to just, no, we did the list talk.
Speaker E: Oh, well, we already did this talk.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: So that was the positive thing.
Speaker E: We need to finish.
Speaker E: It's already 415.
Speaker E: After, we need to finish this discussion.
Speaker E: And you and I need a little time for wrap up in quad chart.
Speaker E: So.
Speaker G: I'm going to do the disposal.
Speaker E: What's the plan for this discussion?
Speaker H: We should.
Speaker H: I think we should be able to wind up another half hour or something at least.
Speaker H: Yeah, that's much left.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker H: So I think we still haven't talked about the action items.
Speaker E: Action.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So why don't you say 530?
Speaker J: 530.
Speaker E: Is that OK?
Speaker E: We'll probably hit horrible traffic.
Speaker J: OK.
Speaker J: Thanks.
Speaker J: Bye.
Speaker E: That's a lot of time.
Speaker I: But.
Speaker I: Well, in that said to, is it land-based problem?
Speaker I: He doesn't have a student who's interested right now in doing anything.
Speaker I: So he has very little manpower.
Speaker I: There's very little allocated for him.
Speaker B: And also, he's pretty focused on user interface.
Speaker I: So I don't think he wants to do information retrieval, query generation.
Speaker I: That sort of stuff.
Speaker H: Yeah, well, there's going to be these student projects.
Speaker H: It can do some things, but it can't be yet.
Speaker H: Very deep.
Speaker H: I actually think that, again, just as a bootstrap, if we do have something like summaries, and having the people who are involved in the meetings themselves who are cooperative and willing to do yet more, come up with queries, could at least give land an idea of the kind of things that people might want to know.
Speaker H: Right, if he doesn't know anything about the area and the people we're talking about.
Speaker D: But the people will just look at the summaries.
Speaker D: They're the minute.
Speaker D: And sort of back generate the queries that I'm worried about.
Speaker D: So you might as well just give him the summaries.
Speaker D: And maybe.
Speaker A: Well, I'm not sure that's a solve problem.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: How did generate queries from?
Speaker A: I'm from the summaries.
Speaker A: That was sort of what might.
Speaker D: So what he wants to do is people who are there who later see a minute since put in summary form, which is not going to be at the same time as the meeting, there's no way that it can happen.
Speaker D: Right, right.
Speaker D: Are going to later go over and make up some stuff to which these notes would be an answer or deeper.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Or just memory.
Speaker D: That's done.
Speaker D: I remember you were writing.
Speaker D: They have to do that offline.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker F: I'm also wondering if we could ask people a question, which would be, what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting?
Speaker F: Because in terms of like informantiness, it might be that the summary would not even include what the person thought was the most interesting.
Speaker D: Dan doesn't know what's actually happening.
Speaker E: But actually, I would say that's a better thing to ask than have them summarize the meeting.
Speaker F: I think you get two different types of things.
Speaker E: You get two?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's true.
Speaker F: So you get like the general structure of important points of what the meeting was about.
Speaker F: You're still here?
Speaker F: So you get the general structure of important points of what the meeting was about with the summary.
Speaker F: But what's the most interesting thing you can learn?
Speaker F: So the fact that I know that transcriber usually is sad is something that I thought was interesting.
Speaker F: And then Dan worked on that.
Speaker F: So I thought that was really, yeah.
Speaker F: So I mean, you could get a pick up some of the micro items that wouldn't occur as major headaches, but it could be very informative.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's actually a really good idea.
Speaker F: I think it would be too cost intensive either.
Speaker F: It means like someone can do pretty easily on this further moment.
Speaker C: Are you thinking about just asking one participant or all of them?
Speaker I: If many are willing to do it.
Speaker J: Making the voluntary thing.
Speaker I: Because you get very different answers from everybody, right?
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's why it's so interesting.
Speaker I: Well, maybe one thing we could do is for the meetings we've already done.
Speaker I: We take minutes and we don't have summaries.
Speaker I: But people could like listen to them a little bit and generate some queries.
Speaker I: Of course, Jane doesn't need to.
Speaker I: I'm sure you have that meeting memorized right now.
Speaker E: But actually, it would be an easy thing to just go around the room and say what was the most interesting thing you learned for those people willing to stay.
Speaker F: And I think we pick up the microstructure.
Speaker F: Some of them.
Speaker E: And that might be something people are willing to stay for.
Speaker G: Well, I don't know how I want to end it.
Speaker C: If you could have them you could have them go around the room.
Speaker C: You might just get the effect that somebody says something and then you could go around the room and they say, yeah, me too, I agree.
Speaker C: That's fine.
Speaker J: Well, I might try and call the different ones.
Speaker J: I might say, well, I was going to say, well, I'm going to fix something else.
Speaker I: You have the other thing that they know why we're doing it.
Speaker I: Well, we'll be telling them the reason we're trying to do this is to generate queries in the future.
Speaker I: So try to pick things that other people didn't say.
Speaker H: It's going to take some time.
Speaker H: I mean, the kind of interest that I had in this thing initially was that basically the form that you're doing something else later.
Speaker H: And you want to pick up something from this meeting related to the something else.
Speaker H: So it's really the what's important is in the something else.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker H: And it might be something minor of minor importance to the meeting.
Speaker H: In fact, if it was really major, it was the thing that really stuck in your head, then you might not need to go back and check on it.
Speaker H: So it's that you're trying to find your, now, you weren't interested.
Speaker H: Say, I said, well, I wasn't that much interested in dialogue again, or it was a person.
Speaker H: But three months from now, some reason I get really interested in dialogue.
Speaker G: What is, what was that part of that?
Speaker G: Yeah, Jim Bass says that.
Speaker I: A few lights on dialogue.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker H: And then I'm trying to, I mean, that's when I look in general, when I look things up most, is when it's something that didn't really stick in my head the first time around.
Speaker H: But for some new reason, I'm interested in the old stuff.
Speaker I: But that's a very bad to generate.
Speaker E: That's hard to generate.
Speaker E: And I think that's half of what I would use it for.
Speaker E: But I also, a lot of times, think to myself, this is interesting.
Speaker E: I've got to come back and follow up on it.
Speaker E: So things that I think are interesting, I would be wanting to do a query about.
Speaker E: And also, I like the idea of going around the room, because if somebody else thought something was interesting, I'd kind of want to know about it.
Speaker E: And then I'd want to follow up on it.
Speaker H: Yeah, that might get it somewhat of what I was concerned about being interested in something later that I didn't consider to be important the first time, which for me is actually the dominant thing, because I thought it was really important that tends to stick more than if I didn't.
Speaker H: But some new task comes along, makes me want to know.
Speaker I: But what's interesting to me may not have been interesting.
Speaker H: Yeah, so having multiple people might get it some of that.
Speaker I: Yeah, I think you can't get it all of it.
Speaker I: Right?
Speaker I: We just need to start somewhere.
Speaker A: Yeah, this is a starting point.
Speaker A: Question men is, how much bias do we introduce by saying, this was important now, and maybe that is something else is important later?
Speaker A: I mean, does the bias matter?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: I mean, I guess the question for you guys.
Speaker F: Well, and one thing, we were saying important, and we're saying interesting.
Speaker F: And I guess it was coming to a different thing.
Speaker A: Sure, sure.
Speaker A: But I guess that's the question, really, is that, I mean, does building queries based on what's important now introduce an irreversible bias on being able to do what more we want to do later?
Speaker A: Well, irreversible.
Speaker H: I mean, I guess what I keep coming back to in my own mind is that the soonest we can do it, we need to get some kind of system so that people who've been involved in the meeting can go back later, even if it's poor system in some ways, and ask the questions that they actually want to know.
Speaker H: As soon as we can get that going at any kind of level, then I think we'll have a much better handle on what kind of questions people want to ask than anything we do before that.
Speaker H: But obviously, we have to put some somehow.
Speaker E: Sure.
None: Right.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker F: I will say that I chose interesting because I think it includes all some important in some cases.
Speaker F: But I feel like the summary gets a different time of information.
Speaker A: I think it's important to often be uninteresting.
Speaker A: And I also think it's a large thing that it puts.
Speaker F: It puts a lot of burden on the person to evaluate.
Speaker F: I think interest is not threatening you.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: In the interest of generating an interesting summary, in the interest of generating some in this here, and also moving on to action items and other things, let me just go through the things that I wrote down as being important, that we at least decide on cross pads.
Speaker E: We're going to try if Landa can get them to you guys.
Speaker E: And see if they're interesting, and if they are, then we'll try to do it more.
Speaker E: Getting electronic summary from a note-taking person, if they happen to do it anyway, getting just individual pictures, a couple of digital pictures of the table and boards to set the context of the meeting.
Speaker E: And then going around the room at the end to just say, ask people to mention something interesting that they learned.
Speaker E: So rather than say the most interesting thing, something interesting in that way, you'll get more variety.
Speaker I: I wouldn't even say that they learned.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker I: You might want to mention something that you brought up.
Speaker E: Being that was discussed.
Speaker E: And then the last thing would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: Does that pretty much cover everything we talked about?
Speaker E: Well, that we want to do.
Speaker F: I want to look at the patient on the oral summary.
Speaker F: They'd be separate.
Speaker F: They wouldn't be here.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker I: That's what I think that's going to prognonately end up being whoever takes down the equipment.
Speaker F: And that would also be the thing we need to do.
Speaker F: We need to put in a database.
Speaker J: I mean, there is still this hope that people might actually think of real queries that really want to ask at some point.
Speaker J: And if that episode happened, then we should try to write down.
Speaker I: Give them a dollar or a query.
Speaker I: Yeah, really.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker H: Real queries.
Speaker H: OK.
Speaker H: And again, if we can figure out a way to Jimmy, a very rough system, say, in a year.
Speaker H: Then so that in the second and third years, we actually have something to play with in generate real queries.
Speaker E: Asperger.
Speaker E: Asperger.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker D: So I think I just wanted to say one thing about queries.
Speaker D: I mean, the level of the query can be very low level, or very high level.
Speaker D: And it gets fuzzy and fuzzy as you go.
Speaker D: Well, right.
Speaker D: So you need to have some sort of, if you start working with queries, some way of identifying with it.
Speaker D: This is something that requires a one word answer, or it's one place in the recording versus, was there a general agreement on this issue of all the people who had, you can ask queries that are meaningful for people.
Speaker D: In fact, they're very meaningful, because they're very high level.
Speaker D: But they won't exist anywhere in the app.
Speaker D: Absolutely.
Speaker I: So I think we're going to have to start with keywords.
Speaker I: And if someone comes more interested, we could work our way up.
Speaker I: But it may well.
Speaker H: But it may well.
Speaker H: It may well.
Speaker H: Because it depends on what a goal is.
Speaker H: If our goal is wizard or wasdish, we might want to know what is it that people would really like to know about this data.
Speaker H: And if it's something that we don't know how to do yet, that's great.
Speaker H: That's research project.
Speaker H: Mm-hmm.
Speaker H: Or something.
Speaker I: I was thinking about wizard of laws, but it requires wizard of the know all about the media.
Speaker H: Well, maybe not true wizard of it.
Speaker H: Oh, yes.
Speaker H: Because people are too.
Speaker H: Just imagining it.
Speaker H: Aware of what's going on.
Speaker J: But just get people to ask questions.
Speaker J: So they don't have the machine that they can't answer the mind.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker H: But what would you like to do?
Speaker I: Neither could anyone else, though, is what my point is.
Speaker I: Yes.
Speaker F: I was wondering if there might be once more source of queries, which is indicator phrases, like action, I have.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker F: So you can take the text.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: So we have to transcript.
Speaker I: Dates, maybe, and I don't know.
Speaker I: That's something I always forget.
Speaker D: It's going to be determined.
Speaker D: Well, probably if you have to sit there at the end of a meeting and say one thing you remember, it's probably whatever action item was assigned to you.
Speaker D: That's all I remember.
Speaker D: That's all I wrote down.
Speaker D: So in general, I mean, that could be something you could say, right?
Speaker D: I'm supposed to do this.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: It does.
Speaker F: You could be profan just saying not of your action item.
Speaker F: But the action item would be a way to get maybe an additional query.
Speaker D: I mean, that's realistically what people might well be remembering.
Speaker D: So we'll be not being able to do it.
Speaker E: Well, we're piloting.
Speaker E: We'll just do it and see what happens.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker H: Actually, I don't remember my action items.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: Speaking of action items, can we move on to action items?
Speaker E: Sure.
Speaker E: Are you hinting my?
Speaker E: Or maybe we should wait until this meeting is transcribed.
Speaker E: And then we will bet.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: I mean, somewhere up there, we had milestones.
Speaker G: But I guess did you get enough milestones?
Speaker E: I got the description.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: In fact, why don't you hand me those transparencies so that I remember to take them?
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: OK.
Speaker H: And then, obviously, you can't hide each of those as much as this need.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: What I have down for action items is we're supposed to find out about our human subject requirements.
Speaker E: People are supposed to send me URLs for web pages.
Speaker E: They could not put together an overall cover.
Speaker J: And you're seeing.
Speaker J: We need to look at our web page and make a comment.
Speaker E: And you also need to look at your web page and clean it up by mid-July.
Speaker E: Let's see.
Speaker E: Do do do do.
Speaker E: Mailing lists.
Speaker E: Mailing list.
Speaker E: You need to put together a mailing list.
Speaker E: I need to email Adam or Jane about getting the data.
Speaker E: Who should I email?
Speaker I: How quickly do you want it?
Speaker I: My July is really very crowded.
Speaker E: And so how about if I just right now all I want, I personally only want text data.
Speaker E: I think the only thing Jeff would do anything with right now, but I'm just speaking based on a conversation with him two weeks ago in Turkey.
Speaker E: But I think all he would want is a digit.
Speaker E: But I'll just speak for myself.
Speaker E: I'm interested in getting the language model data.
Speaker E: So I'm just interested in getting transcriptions.
Speaker E: So then just email you.
Speaker E: Sure, sure, sure.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker F: You could email the both of us.
Speaker F: Just if you want to, let me have a thing.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: I'm going to write a line of each.
Speaker F: And your email is at.
Speaker F: Thanks.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker H: In our phone call, before we turns out the way we're going to send the data is by CDROMs.
Speaker H: And then what they're going to do is take the CDROM and transfer it to analog tape and give it to a transcription service.
Speaker F: That was a side table.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker H: Using foot pedals.
Speaker H: Yeah, foot pedals.
Speaker I: So how are they going to do the multi-chance?
Speaker H: See, that's a good question.
Speaker H: Yeah, they need all the way.
Speaker H: No, I mean, it'll be about like you did.
Speaker H: And then there'll be some things, you know, many things that don't work out well.
Speaker H: And that would go back to IBM.
Speaker H: And they'll run their aligner on it.
Speaker H: And it kicks out things don't work well, which, you know, the overlaps will certainly the examples of that.
Speaker H: And I mean, we will give them all of it, right?
Speaker H: I'll give them all of them.
Speaker I: So we'll give them all 16 channels.
Speaker I: And they'll do whatever they want with it.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker D: But you also should probably give them the mixed, you know, equal.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I mean, they're not going to easily be able to do that.
Speaker D: It's not hard.
Speaker H: It also won't be adding much to the data data.
Speaker A: Yeah, right.
Speaker A: It is a difficult for us to do.
Speaker A: Yeah, you should.
Speaker D: That may be all that they want to send off to their transcript.
Speaker E: OK, related to the conversation with Puccini, I need to email him my shipping address.
Speaker E: And you need to email them something which you already did.
Speaker F: I mean, email them the trans cover URL, the online data that Adam set up, the URL so they can click on another instance here.
Speaker F: And I have emailed them the streamlined conventions, which you got a copy of today.
Speaker H: Right.
Speaker H: Now, I was going to email them a pointer to the web pages that we currently have, because particularly, they want to see the one with the way the recording room is set up.
Speaker H: So on here.
Speaker F: And it's possible.
Speaker F: I should have sent a message.
Speaker F: OK.
Speaker I: Not immediate action.
Speaker I: I have to put something I do have to worry about is data formats for higher level information.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker I: Well, not even higher level, different level of processing and all that sort of stuff.
Speaker I: We're going to have to figure out how we're going to annotate that.
Speaker E: Yeah, we never had our data format discussion.
Speaker F: Why don't we do it?
Speaker F: We discussed these musicals for rotation.
Speaker F: So that's something that's displayed.
Speaker I: That's different than format.
Speaker E: Well, my feeling right now on format is you guys have been doing all the work and whatever you want.
Speaker E: We're happy to live with other people may not agree with that, because I'm not actually touching the data.
Speaker E: So I shouldn't be the one to talk.
Speaker H: But I think that's fine.
Speaker H: So key thing will be that we tell you.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker H: But we also have the year speed that you're going to guess 800 number in the world.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah.
Speaker H: You're going to call your communicator thing and we're going to be good slash bad, depending on your users.
Speaker C: Something that I mentioned earlier to Murray and Liz is that it's probably important to get as many non-technical and non-speech people as possible in order to get some realistic users.
Speaker C: So if you could ask other people to call and use our system that would be good, because we don't want people who already know how to deal with dialogue systems who know that you shouldn't type or articulate, for instance, and things like that.
Speaker E: So like if you have somebody who makes your plane reservations for you, which is your parents to do it.
Speaker C: Yeah, for instance.
Speaker E: Yeah, seriously.
Speaker E: Your grandmother.
Speaker E: And you know, it could result in some good bloopers, which is always good for presentations.
Speaker E: So anyway.
Speaker I: Father would last through the second prompt pre-hang hung up.
Speaker I: I don't know where the memory is.
Speaker G: I don't know what that means.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: Other, let's see, other action items.
Speaker E: So I have to.
Speaker G: I'm happy getting the recording equipment right in the W.
Speaker G: And so it depends.
Speaker H: There are if that comes together within the next month, there at least will be major communications between Dan
Speaker E: and W. I mean, I'm shooting to try to get it done, get it put together by the beginning of August.
Speaker E: So we have it.
Speaker H: It's pretty, we don't know.
Speaker H: I mean, he said that it was sitting in some room, collecting dust.
Speaker H: And so we don't know.
Speaker E: It's probably unlikely that we'll pull this off, but at least as we're trying.
Speaker H: What is it?
Speaker H: We don't know.
Speaker H: Recording equipment.
Speaker H: The paper recorder.
Speaker H: We know it's eight channels.
Speaker H: We know it's digital.
Speaker H: We don't even know if the microphones.
Speaker H: And so.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: And I will email these notes.
Speaker E: I'm not sure what to do about action items for the data stuff, though.
Speaker E: Then I guess somebody needs to tell Andy that you want the pads.
Speaker G: Yeah, OK.
Speaker E: I'll do that.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker G: And he also said something about outside the vacuum of the outside tech sources that he may have.
Speaker G: Oh.
Speaker G: Some tech sources that are close enough to the certain you can play with.
Speaker J: Yeah, that was, that was, what he was saying was this.
Speaker J: The thing that Jason have been working on finds web pages that are dramatically related to what you're talking about, that's the idea.
Speaker J: So that would be a source of text, which is supposedly got the right vocabulary.
Speaker J: Right.
Speaker J: But there's always a great difference between materials, not spike materials.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker J: It might be.
Speaker E: But that's actually what I want to do.
Speaker E: That's what I want to work with.
Speaker E: This is being said, the wrong material, but the right source is the right.
Speaker I: Unfortunately, Andy told me that Jason is not going to be working on that anymore, switching to.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: When I asked him if he could actually supply data, he seemed a little bit more reluctant.
Speaker E: So I'll send him email, put it in action on him that I sent him email about it.
Speaker E: And if I get something great, if I don't get something, the lander, Jason.
Speaker E: Lander.
Speaker E: And otherwise, if you guys have any papers, I could use your web pages.
Speaker E: That's what we can do.
Speaker E: You've got all the web pages on me.
Speaker J: So I search for them.
Speaker E: Oh, forget this.
Speaker E: One last action item.
Speaker E: I could use what web pages there are out there on meeting recorders.
Speaker I: I mean, that's basically what his software does is it picks out keywords and does a Google-like search.
Speaker H: You could do better than that.
Speaker H: There's some kind of ginal and stuff, right?
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker E: So you should look under like zero.
Speaker D: You could do intelligent environments, smart rooms.
Speaker I: The Georgia Tech classroom 2000.
Speaker D: See, I mean, right.
Speaker D: And then, right, that's where I thought you would want to eventually be able to have a board or a camera.
Speaker D: Because I think the last one.
Speaker I: No, Georgia Tech did a very elaborate instrumented room.
Speaker I: And I want to try to stay away from that.
Speaker E: OK, great.
Speaker E: That solves that problem.
Speaker E: One last action item.
Speaker E: OK, I think that's pretty much all I can think of.
Speaker E: I can ask one thing.
Speaker F: It relates to data collection.
Speaker F: And we mentioned earlier today this question of, so I know that with the near field likes, some of the problems that come with overlapping speech are lessened.
Speaker F: But I wonder if is that sufficient or should we consider maybe getting some data gathered in such a way that we could have a meeting with less overlap than what otherwise be the case.
Speaker F: So either by rules, participation, or whatever.
Speaker F: Now, I mean, it's true.
Speaker F: I mean, we were discussing this earlier that, depending on the task, so if you've got someone giving a report, you're not going to have as much overlap.
Speaker F: But so we're going to have non-overlapping samples anyway.
Speaker F: But in a meeting, which would otherwise be highly overlapping, is the near field like enough?
Speaker F: Or should we have some rules of participation for some of our samples to lessen the overlap?
Speaker E: I don't think we should have rules of participation, but I think we should try to get a variety of meetings.
Speaker E: That's something that if we get the meeting stuff going at UW, that I probably can do more than you guys, because you guys are probably mostly going to get exceed people here.
Speaker E: But we can get anybody in EE over and possibly also some CS people over at UW.
Speaker E: So I think that there's a good chance that we could get more variety.
Speaker D: There's still an overlap.
Speaker D: But Mark and others have said that there's quite a lot of found data from the discourse community that has this characteristic.
Speaker D: And also the political, anything that was televised for third party has the characteristic of not very much overlap.
Speaker H: But I think we're saying before I'll solve that the natural language group here had less overlap.
Speaker H: So it also depends on the style of the way
Speaker D: you talk about it. Dominance, relation, is the people is voting?
Speaker F: Because it is true.
Speaker F: People can modify the amount of overlap that they do if they're asked to, not entirely modify, but less than if it's desired.
Speaker F: But if that's sufficient data, I just want to be sure that we will not be having a lot of data which can't be processed.
Speaker E: OK, so I'm just writing here.
Speaker E: We're not going to try to specify rules of interaction, but we're going to try to get more variety by using different groups of people and different sizes.
Speaker F: And I know that you're a new bicycle to take care of also the problems of the history.
Speaker E: And then the other thing might be technical versus administrative.
Speaker E: Because if I recorded some administrative meetings, then that may have less overlap.
Speaker E: Because you might have more overlap when you're doing something technical and disagreeing or whatever.
Speaker F: Well, I just as a contributor, so I know that in legal depositions, people are prevented from overlapping, just saying, wait till each person is finished before you say something.
Speaker F: So it is possible to lessen if we wanted to.
Speaker F: But these other factors are fine.
Speaker F: I just wanted to reason.
Speaker E: Well, the reason why I didn't want to is, why I personally didn't want to is because I wanted it to be as unintrusive as possible.
Speaker E: You could be with these things hanging on you.
Speaker F: I think that's always the sort of, I just want to be sure that we're able to process as much data as we can.
Speaker H: Do they discuss any of that in the meeting they had with Lieberman?
Speaker D: What did they do?
Speaker D: There was a big division.
Speaker D: So Lieberman and others were interested in a lot of found data.
Speaker D: So there's lots of recordings that they're not close to off mic.
Speaker D: And there's lots of television stuff.
Speaker D: I'm political debates, things like that.
Speaker D: Congressional hearings, boring stuff like that.
Speaker D: And then the CMU folks and I were sort of on the other side.
Speaker D: And because they had collected a lot of meetings that were sort of like this and said that those are nothing like these meetings.
Speaker D: So they're really two different kinds of data.
Speaker D: I guess we just left it as that if there's found data that can be transformed for use and speech recognition easily, then of course we would do it.
Speaker D: But newly collected data would be natural meetings.
Speaker H: Actually, the CMU folks have collected a lot of data.
Speaker H: Is that going to be publicly available?
Speaker D: As far as I know, they have not.
Speaker I: So it's not near far, right?
Speaker D: I'm not sure.
Speaker D: If people were interested, they could talk to them.
Speaker D: But I got the feeling there was some politics on that.
Speaker I: That's one of my actions.
Speaker I: Just to check.
Speaker H: We should know what's out there.
Speaker I: I mean, I thought they'd only done farfew-wide intelligent room sort of things.
Speaker I: I hadn't known that they'd done anything.
Speaker H: Well, they only did the farfew.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I see.
Speaker D: But they had multiple mics and they did do recognition and they did do real conversations.
Speaker D: As far as I know, they didn't offer that data to the community at this meeting.
Speaker D: But that could change because Mark's really into this.
Speaker D: We should do that in touch with them.
Speaker H: Yeah.
Speaker H: I mean, I don't want to be sent out first note saying, hey, this list exists, but...
Speaker H: Is that an accident?
Speaker H: Yeah, I already had it.
Speaker H: That one.
Speaker H: I'm always going to do that.
Speaker H: So hopefully everybody here is on that list.
Speaker H: We should at least check that everybody here.
Speaker H: Thank you.
Speaker I: Everyone here is on the list.
Speaker I: Yeah.
Speaker I: I'm not.
Speaker I: I think you are.
Speaker H: We haven't sent anything to the list yet.
Speaker H: Oh.
Speaker H: We're just compiling.
Speaker I: I added a few people who I knew had to be on, even though they didn't tell me.
Speaker I: Like, change for your left boss.
Speaker I: You are on it, aren't you?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So I'm just just a clarification.
Speaker F: So, found data, they mean like established corporate linguistics and other fields, right?
Speaker F: Some things and stuff.
Speaker D: Some things and stuff.
Speaker D: They don't have to fund to collect.
Speaker D: And especially, well, I mean, found has also the meaning that it's very natural.
Speaker D: It's things that occurred without any...
Speaker D: These people weren't wearing clothes talking mics, but they were recorded anyway, like the congressional hearings and, you know, for legal purposes.
Speaker F: By any means, like standard corporate that had been used for years and linguistics and
Speaker D: marks aware of those. Okay.
Speaker D: That would be a found data because they found it.
Speaker D: And it didn't have to collect it.
Speaker D: Of course, it's not found in the sense that at the time it was collected.
Speaker D: But what he means is that, you know, Mark was really a fan of getting as much data as possible from, you know, reams and reams of stuff, broadcast stuff, web stuff, TV stuff, radio stuff.
Speaker D: But he well understands that that's very different than this type of meeting, but so what?
Speaker D: Still, it's interesting for other readers.
Speaker G: So, like we're winding down, right?
Speaker G: Mm-hmm.
Speaker G: Many ways.
Speaker G: Such a care of governance.
Speaker G: I'll buy the property.
Speaker J: Yeah.
Speaker J: I wish it could be on the same thing.
Speaker E: Oh, yes, we could do that.
Speaker I: Now, I was already thinking about it.
Speaker I: This is made for task.
Speaker I: I really liked the idea of what I thought was interesting was the combination of the cross-pad and the speech, especially the interaction of them rather than just note-taking.
Speaker I: So, can you determine the interesting points by whose writing can you do special gestures and so on that they have special meaning to the corporate?
Speaker I: I really like that.
Speaker F: Well, I just realized there's another category of interesting things, which is that I found this discussion very...
Speaker F: this question of how you get at queries, really interesting, and the fact that it's sort of nebulous, what kind of a query would be because it depends on what your purpose is.
Speaker F: So, I actually found that whole process of trying to think of what that would involve to be interesting, but that's not really a specific fact.
Speaker F: We went around a nice discussion of the factors involved there, which I think was worthwhile.
Speaker J: I had a real revelation about taking pictures that I know why I didn't do this before.
Speaker J: So, I was very interested in making pictures of the words.
Speaker J: The points on really relate to this meeting.
Speaker J: I mean, it will take pictures of them, but...
Speaker E: They're related to this morning's meeting.
Speaker J: So, the previous meeting, that's right.
Speaker J: That's about it for some of them.
Speaker A: I'm going to pass because I can't... I mean, Jane took my answer.
Speaker A: So, I'm going to pass for the moment, but come back to me.
Speaker E: Pass?
Speaker E: I think pass is socially acceptable, but I will say I will actually...
Speaker E: It's been on slightly different spin on what you said, this issue of realizing that we could take minutes, and that actually may be a goal.
Speaker E: So, that may be kind of the... in the sense test data, the template of what we want to test again.
Speaker E: It's generating a summary.
Speaker E: So, that was an interesting new twist on what we can do with this data.
Speaker C: I agree with Jane and Erica.
Speaker C: I think the question of how to generate queries automatically was the most interesting question that came up.
Speaker C: And it's something that, as you said, is her research topic in itself, so I don't think we'd be able to do anything on it, because we don't have funding on it in this project.
Speaker C: But so, it's definitely something I would want to do.
Speaker B: Do you want to work... we're already been done on that.
Speaker F: Okay, expert systems.
Speaker G: I suppose we're like the part where we were asked what questions you were...
Speaker G: Well, being more management lately than research, I think the thing that impressed me most was the people dynamics, and not any of the facts, and I really enjoyed hanging out with this group of people today.
Speaker G: So, that's what really impressed me most.
Speaker G: Can we get a fine bag?
Speaker I: Well, we had people wearing the wireless mics all the time.
Speaker A: Well, I mean, one thing you could search for is where people laughing a lot.
Speaker H: I'd probably search for something like that.
Speaker I: That actually has come up a couple times in queries.
Speaker I: I was starting to land in, that was one of his examples.
Speaker H: When did people laugh?
Speaker H: Find me the funny thing that Jeff said.
Speaker I: So, we need the laugh detector, yeah.
Speaker I: Because it seems to be pretty common.
Speaker I: I'm nervous now.
Speaker H: Quiet and solving.
Speaker E: So, I think we're done.
None: Okay, okay.
None: Great.
None: Can I turn it over?
Speaker H: I'm sorry, I can't turn it over.
None: Please, return off.
None: Do you have a job?
None: Do you have a job?
Speaker I: Do you have a job, Jim, with me in the box?
Speaker I: I don't like that.
