None: Okay.
Speaker E: How we placed in terms of...
Speaker E: You're okay.
Speaker B: I guess I should probably try to see up straight.
Speaker C: Like that?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: I think mine's falling off.
Speaker D: I'm just going to start this PowerPoint real quick.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Very official.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: I kind of like this.
Speaker A: I'm kind of getting into it.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, just to kick off the meeting basically.
Speaker A: So we're working for a real reaction.
Speaker A: And this is...
Speaker A: Just got an agenda to set out what we're going to try to accomplish in this particular first meeting.
Speaker A: We're going to just do a quick opening and we can hopefully all get acquainted with one another.
Speaker A: Then we're going to talk a little bit about tool training.
Speaker A: Essentially that means getting used to the only thing that we haven't tried out yet, the whiteboard.
Speaker A: We've got a general plan for the project, how we're going to go about accomplishing this and then just a bit of discussion to close up.
Speaker A: IRL, I guess, you know, gamers lying in real life.
Speaker A: So, yeah.
Speaker A: Basically, I want to...
Speaker A: I'm just going to...
Speaker A: Of course we can discuss that.
Speaker A: I'm thinking about proposing that since we've got this weird blend of ourselves and our roles that we just don't ask, don't tell.
Speaker A: So, if you say something about marketing, right, sort of.
Speaker A: I'm just going to believe you can hook up from there.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker A: I mean, if you guys...
Speaker A: At the same time, if you logically, if something doesn't look like a comic, we're going to sell a remote control that's the size of this paper book.
Speaker A: You say, well, that doesn't seem like such a good idea because of X.
Speaker A: Obviously, go with it and we'll discuss it.
Speaker A: But I'm not going to ask, do you know that?
Speaker A: It seems like...
Speaker A: Prove it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker A: Because we're sort of role-playing.
Speaker A: You're going to tap into your own knowledge as well.
Speaker A: And that's the same for when we do introductions.
Speaker A: I mean, and you talk about your background.
Speaker A: You know, have fun.
Speaker A: Maybe you went to...
Speaker A: You know, maybe you're like me and you went to UCSB, but you want to say you went to Harvard or something like that.
Speaker A: Why not?
Speaker A: You know, you can...
Speaker A: I guess we can have a little bit of a phone with it.
Speaker A: So, are you guys okay with that?
Speaker A: Does that seem logical?
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: It's fine.
Speaker D: It works for me.
Speaker C: It works for me.
None: It works for me.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, I guess we're totally...
Speaker A: We're making a remote control, which is thrilling.
Speaker A: But the idea is that we can make something...
Speaker A: Based on the whole corporate motto, I don't know if you guys had time to check the...
Speaker A: In your life.
Speaker A: I don't know if you guys would check the corporate website.
Speaker A: We've got to make something as fashionable as possible.
Speaker A: That's kind of the corporate strategies.
Speaker A: We're going to try to take ordinary stuff that nobody really thinks about and try to make it nice.
Speaker A: You know, like John Lewis, nicer, you know, if you go to Devanems or something.
Speaker A: So, basically, we are reinventing the wheel, but we want to try to do it in a user-friendly, slick, sleek kind of way.
Speaker A: What we're going to go about doing that is basically, at first, we're going to start on the basics.
Speaker A: And that's where I'm going to need you guys to use your interface designers and the other designer that I can't remember the idea, the idea, the industrial designer.
Speaker A: Hey, I'm not getting into it.
Speaker A: To guide me and guide us on this project, because you're going to be...
Speaker A: You guys are the bottom.
Speaker A: You know, you can't do that.
Speaker A: You can't have X and Y at the same time.
Speaker A: And then we'll work up from what is necessary to more like what would be good.
Speaker A: You know, like...
Speaker A: I think you guys probably got the same email as I did, but the idea of, yes, a coffee pot needs to be able to hold coffee.
Speaker A: But it's also better if it's not like really cheap glass, so that if you touch it, you hurt your hand or something like that.
Speaker A: And so we'll work up from there and then we'll meet on and talk about it. And then finally, we'll incorporate as kind of the last stage.
Speaker A: You know, what you guys build or tell us what's possible and then you tell us what we can hope for and what...
Speaker A: And what way to go, take the basics and make it nicer.
Speaker A: And then obviously, the UID and the ID, you know, you can keep on, you know, cutting edge of how to get about maximizing what is possible to make it easier.
Speaker A: To try to sync it all up. So that's a detailed design. So it's a three stage kind of thing.
Speaker A: Right, so for now, just for the whiteboard, basically, just to get used to it, I haven't tried it yet either.
Speaker A: I'm just going to start and carry like five remotes around.
Speaker A: And just write down, I'm just going to write down one of the names of my desert discs.
Speaker A: You know, if you were trapped on a desert island and you can only bring five CVs along with you, name one of them that you could.
Speaker A: Not all five. If you want to write all five, go for it. But name one of them that you could.
Speaker A: Oh, we skipped introductions. Nice. I'm an excellent project manager. I'm Marty.
Speaker A: I went to uni at UC Santa Barbara and I'm here working on a PhD in psychology.
Speaker A: Yeah, so...
Speaker D: I'm Sarah. I went to Michigan and I'm here in cultural studies and I'm a marketing manager or something, marketing expert.
Speaker A: Don't play yourself down. That's me.
Speaker B: I'm Ron. I once upon a time studied in Victoria and I am the user interface designer.
Speaker C: I'm Nathan. I'm from California and I'm here doing a master's screen in social anthropology.
Speaker C: What did you go to uni at UC?
Speaker A: No, I'm really cool. My little brother goes there.
Speaker A: Right, so desert island discs.
Speaker D: So we have to wait for you to write it down or you're going to tell us?
Speaker A: Well, I'll just get a couple of them down. See, I'm a big music fan. I don't know if you guys are.
Speaker A: I'm assuming everybody likes music because it's some lesser, greater extent.
Speaker A: But there's some other options. If you're a TV slut like I am, like small, terrible television show, but I happen to love it.
Speaker D: It's rubbish, but I love it. I went to high school with Tom Willing, actually.
Speaker A: The main guy. Wow. Is he a wanker? Yeah.
Speaker D: Very much so. I love a soccer player, but a total bastard.
Speaker A: He looks really tall. He's got to be like six seconds. He's a big guy.
Speaker A: Okay, so I really like Jeff Buckley. You guys heard Jeff Buckley?
Speaker A: That's cool because not very many people have.
Speaker A: Oh, well, I might as well throw a British person in there.
Speaker A: You can't go wrong with radio head.
Speaker D: Can you call?
Speaker A: Okay, so it really works just like a panel and it makes noises, I think.
Speaker A: It's kind of weird. Anyway.
Speaker A: Yeah, you like pressing your...
Speaker A: You'll see.
Speaker A: Alright, so whoever wants to get up next, you can write down some telly that you watch or whatever you want.
Speaker D: I guess I'll go next next.
Speaker D: Right on.
Speaker D: Okay, we lose all my mics plugged in here. Okay.
Speaker D: This is basically just pen practice, huh?
Speaker D: Okay. Oh, you're much taller than me, so I'm going to write down here.
Speaker D: Right now I'm listening to a lot of...
Speaker D: Somebody never heard of Chris Bathgate, local Michigan, folk singer.
Speaker D: Nice.
Speaker D: Really lame.
Speaker D: And what else did I bring with me?
Speaker D: Probably classical, the total leaky.
Speaker D: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: I think...
Speaker D: And my family guy DVDs.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah.
Speaker A: We don't need to write that one down.
Speaker A: Oh, family guy.
Speaker A: Do you watch the new season?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Are you getting it online or is it on the sky?
Speaker D: I think I'm going to start downloading it, yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: That'd be nice.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: I think I'm just going to put down one...
Speaker B: One CD.
Speaker B: Anybody?
Speaker B: I'm afraid not.
Speaker B: Afrobeat orchestra.
Speaker B: Very cool.
Speaker B: Afrobeat orchestra.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Very cool.
Speaker B: They like 15 members from Brooklyn.
Speaker B: And I'm hoping to go to the concert in Belgium.
Speaker B: Wow.
Speaker B: Exciting.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Supposed to be across the center.
Speaker B: Thing I love about Enra.
Speaker D: I didn't even read those.
Speaker D: I should admit that.
Speaker A: That's what a PowerPoint presentation is for.
Speaker A: They're designed specifically to ignore.
Speaker D: It's brilliant.
Speaker D: It's the five by five.
Speaker D: I can't read that much.
Speaker A: Ah, yes.
Speaker A: Yes, okay.
Speaker A: I see that.
Speaker A: Vomit.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker E: Streetteats.
Speaker D: That's so brilliant.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's so horrible.
Speaker A: I've seen more urine in this city than ever before.
Speaker A: Seriously.
Speaker B: But I just came from Glasgow and I'm happy to say that there's more vomit.
Speaker B: There's the same quantity, approximately.
Speaker B: It's so mean.
Speaker A: It really is.
Speaker A: Does...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Ready?
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Mingen.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm going local.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm going local.
Speaker A: I have to be here for three years.
Speaker D: I'm going to look at the terminology, right?
Speaker D: I've already got more than I can keep track of.
Speaker D: I'm going to go home next week and everyone's like, oh my God.
Speaker D: You're trying to get into one of those.
Speaker D: Have you been home yet?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: They'll be like, say something British and you're like, oh, shut up family.
Speaker D: Oh, it should be interesting.
Speaker D: Wait until I tell them I'm not coming back.
Speaker D: I don't know that one.
Speaker A: Are you going to stay here?
Speaker D: Probably.
Speaker D: Or at least get a work visa for a while and then decide.
Speaker D: Better religion?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Some music I grew up listening to.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: And...
Speaker D: Yeah, I can think of so many other ones.
Speaker D: Well, yeah, that's why.
Speaker C: That's how it works.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Something I miss about my hometown.
Speaker A: I miss coffee.
Speaker A: Doritos.
Speaker A: Doritos.
Speaker C: I cost less than...
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Two bucks.
Speaker C: Anything that are like...
Speaker C: Where are you from in California, by the way?
Speaker C: I grew up in San Diego, but...
Speaker A: Did you really?
Speaker C: What part?
Speaker A: La Jolla, P.V.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm from San Diego as well.
Speaker A: Beachy.
Speaker A: Yeah, really?
Speaker C: I last lived in San Francisco having lived in Cal.
Speaker C: Well, I have lived in Southern California since I was 18.
Speaker A: Going to North Cal, I'm sorry.
Speaker A: You just can't get a bit of bread over what's available in San Diego.
Speaker C: It's different because in San Diego, the tortillas are cooked on the grill and then throw the California de steamed.
Speaker D: It must make all the difference.
Speaker A: Yeah, it really does.
Speaker A: Well, it's...
Speaker A: There's other things too.
Speaker A: You just can't place it.
Speaker A: Like, when I went to school in Santa Barbara, which is Central California, the Mexican food is okay.
Speaker A: It's just not good.
Speaker A: Like...
Speaker A: And yeah, it's like two bucks.
Speaker A: Like, literally two bucks for this massive...
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good call on that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Where are you from in San Diego?
Speaker A: Just literally just metropolitan San Diego.
Speaker A: I live like five minutes from the zoo.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, North Park, actually, if you want to get real...
Speaker C: Yeah, my grandparents lived on 32nd.
None: Yep.
Speaker C: Clust, you know, where a clardoline coffee shop is.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: On university.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's actually like literally half a mile from my house.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker A: Yeah, pretty cool.
Speaker A: Small world.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: As we were discussing before, especially when we're all from the same general region.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, okay.
Speaker A: Success on the whiteboard.
Speaker A: There you go.
Speaker A: You can harness the awesome power a little bit of interactions.
Speaker A: We talked about some of our CDs and things we like about the city.
Speaker A: I think we'll...
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, moving on to not fun stuff.
Speaker A: Project finance.
Speaker A: Basically, what we're trying to do is sell this remote for 25 euros.
Speaker A: This is what the finance department has told me, the CFO.
Speaker A: But, I don't know.
Speaker A: I'm not sold on this.
Speaker A: It's pretty dear.
Speaker A: I mean, that's like, you know, 40 bucks for remote.
Speaker A: It would have to pretty much like do my laundry for me.
Speaker A: So, we can maybe work on that later.
Speaker A: But, we're going to make a lot on it.
Speaker A: We have profit names to make 50 million euros on it internationally.
Speaker A: So, one of the things that I was going to mention to you guys, the designers, is that we probably need a...
Speaker A: It needs to be a universal remote control probably.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, something that could do NTSC as well as PAL as well as various other formats.
Speaker A: Like if it's going to control DVDs.
Speaker A: But, you know, I'll leave that to you guys.
Speaker A: But that's something that is going to be an international sold thing.
Speaker A: But, we want to try to make it for 1250.
Speaker A: So, we want to try to make 100% profit on it if we can't.
Speaker A: So, just to close up, I'm not sure how much time I've used the next time, right?
Speaker A: Project manager, sort of.
Speaker A: We'll meet in another half an hour or so.
Speaker A: And, I'd like the industrial designer to think about what needs to be done.
Speaker A: Like what the basic function of it.
Speaker A: You ID...well, yeah, your assignments are up there.
Speaker A: And you'll also get assignments from in your email as well.
Speaker A: More specific on what to do.
Speaker A: Basically, so, I mean, do you tell us what the user's going to want?
Speaker A: So, actually, in a way, you guys maybe in our next meeting chat a bit about what the user's going to want and what the user can have.
Speaker A: You know, like...
Speaker A: You'd go and shape that.
Speaker A: Yeah, well, it is when we'll discuss the trade-offs in between.
Speaker A: And so, yeah, specific instructions will be sent in your email.
Speaker A: But, I think that that is more or less a good place to start for now.
Speaker A: And as more things come up, we'll have meetings and you'll get emails and so forth.
Speaker A: Any questions before we get started?
Speaker B: I assume that we're building a standalone remote control.
Speaker B: We can't kind of build it into other products.
Speaker B: You mean, for instance, like a mobile phone.
Speaker C: Hmm, that's interesting.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: I don't think there's any rules about it yet.
Speaker C: Maybe you're a personal coach.
Speaker B: Or, you know, can we sell a remote control phone for 25 pounds, you know?
Speaker A: Well, have a think about it.
Speaker A: I mean, okay.
Speaker A: I'm certainly open.
Speaker A: It seems like, yeah, it seems like it's certainly doable, isn't it?
Speaker A: Or if we can't have a full mobile phone, maybe a remote that has some other kind of useful function.
Speaker A: The clap.
Speaker A: No, good idea.
Speaker A: Good idea.
Speaker C: Let's see.
Speaker C: Every mode with changeable faces, like face-to-face.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker A: I like that.
Speaker A: Hot.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker A: I guess we probably have some time.
Speaker A: Maybe we should brainstorm a bit like what we want to do.
Speaker A: I'll go back to, um, I don't really have any.
Speaker A: Let me bring up something about our basic goals here, what we want to accomplish.
Speaker A: Project announcements.
Speaker E: Hmm.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Not so much.
Speaker A: All right, we'll find that we're on our own.
Speaker B: Now, are we also discussing kind of our initial ideas at all?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, let's do it.
Speaker A: Let's do it.
Speaker B: Does anybody have any initial ideas?
Speaker A: I'm going to go ahead and take notes on this too, because...
Speaker D: Good idea.
Speaker D: Start two minutes.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, I don't remember.
Speaker A: So, initial ideas.
Speaker D: Well, it's pretty much given it's going to be universal.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We decided that already.
Speaker D: And it may be functioning for other things.
Speaker D: As soon as you said that, I was thinking like all the other things you get in remote too, like your microwave or your front door, like, to have everything on one thing.
Speaker D: But then, never been a fan of those huge remotes that have like a million buttons you can't do.
Speaker B: Smaller is better.
Speaker B: Simple.
Speaker B: I'm thinking...
Speaker B: Specific.
Speaker B: I'm thinking kind of PDA, uh, design, so touchscreen design, rather than...
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B:...but also that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things.
Speaker A: Yeah, that slick, isn't it?
Speaker A: I mean, like stylist.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: So, we got five minutes more to chat about that.
Speaker A: That's perfect.
Speaker A: So, we've got this kind of an idea of a trade-off between, um, size and functionality.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: And we also...
Speaker D:...month multifunctional, but at the same time, if you get it to do too much, you're not going to be able to tell them apart.
Speaker C: It's going to be too complicated.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's a crowded button, some things.
Speaker A: I'm also going to note for future reference, this idea of, um, so you, like, remember, I can, like, a touchscreen type of remote?
Speaker B: Mm-hmm.
Speaker B: Possibly.
Speaker A: I don't think one of this.
Speaker A: You know, it should be an option.
Speaker C: It needs one outstanding feature to set it apart from all the different relates.
Speaker A: Definitely.
Speaker A: Yeah, all the other universal remotes.
Speaker A: Um, I don't know if there's such thing out there.
Speaker A: I guess we'll do some research on it or one of us can do some research on it about whether or not there are, um, multi-format.
Speaker A: Like, um, you know, PAL, NTSC, Region 1.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: I'm pretty sure there is.
Speaker B: I mean, I have a friend who has a PDA.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That he just points at his tel- any television he wants, and it'll figure out the specifications of it and we'll control it.
Speaker B: Interesting.
Speaker A: Awesome.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I assume that that can be done with going around the world.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Um, all right.
Speaker A: So I'm liking that idea, this idea of a touchscreen remote with multi-format features.
Speaker A: Um, right.
Speaker A: Um, let's see.
Speaker C: I think making it out of a nice material would be very important because so many of those remotes that you see, these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality.
Speaker D: Yeah, it'd be nice and slick would be important.
Speaker D: And I don't know, like, there's such a problem with losing them.
Speaker D: That adding this whole, like, PDA pen business is only one more thing to lose.
Speaker D: So we're going to be careful of what, like, just something like, keep in mind, we start actually dealing with this stuff, but that would be really cool.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker B: Um, I like the idea of the multi-plate.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: What do they call those faceplate things?
Speaker D: They're named as... Are they?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I like...
Speaker B: We'll have to come up with a fuzzy one as well.
Speaker B: Lumbercraven.
Speaker B: Lumbercraven.
Speaker C: I think it wouldn't be such a bad idea to have a locator device.
Speaker C: Maybe a simple button that you have on your television to help you find your remote.
Speaker A: But if we're bundling it, unless we're selling their tele with the remote.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Um...
Speaker B: Well, if we bundle it as a phone, then you can always call it.
Speaker B: True.
Speaker B: If you're not doing that, then we can have something that just kind of rings from either...
Speaker B: Well, there used to be those whistling devices, but that's a little bit annoying.
Speaker A: Could we not do something where like just a little... Like literally just a very small kind of thing that comes with the remote?
Speaker A: That you can place somewhere else that you press and it makes the remote page.
Speaker A: Kind of like how on a lot of cordless regular phones you have a page button that goes, right?
Speaker A: Could we do something like that?
Speaker B: That's cool.
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker B: I think we could design that.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Good.
None: Um...
Speaker A: Yeah, I think this material quality as well, like I guess we can think about what kind of...
Speaker A: You know, Apple has been really successful with this surgical white kind of business or this sleek kind of...
Speaker D: Yeah, and that titanium, the new silver sleek ones, the last couple of years.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's pretty much so.
Speaker D: Curves.
Speaker A: Yeah, we do have the minimum amount.
Speaker A: I mean, we were talking finances, I don't know, selling a 40-pound remote, or a 40-dollar remote, 25-year-old remote would be pretty...
Speaker A: You know, it's pretty expensive.
Speaker A: So maybe we might want to trade off some of the features for a lower price.
Speaker A: Without getting in about a whole, like, you know, go down to bargain store remote, you know, bargain store universal remote that's black and, you know, massive, some kind of... I don't know, a balance there in somewhere.
Speaker A: Definitely.
Speaker A: But, um, have a think about what we can do, have a think about what we want to do, how we're going to sell it.
Speaker D: And our users in mind, like these...
Speaker D: Grammies are not going to be into this whole new...
Speaker D: Let's design the modes, the buttons.
Speaker D: So I'll have to be careful of exactly who we're marketing this to, and who we're going to be able to get it out of it.
Speaker D: It's true.
Speaker C: We're talking 25 pounds or 25 euros.
None: 25 euros.
Speaker B: It's a slight difference, I guess.
None: Yeah.
None: They're all weaker than... they're all stronger than the dollar.
None: Although, computer parts.
Speaker B: Oh, if you can upgrade your computer by the time you're in a computer, you can't get it.
Speaker A: They're all weaker than... they're all stronger than the dollar.
Speaker A: Although, computer parts.
Speaker A: Oh, if you can upgrade your computer by the states.
Speaker A: Like, do you guys know Fries?
Speaker A: Huge computer electronics store?
Speaker A: They serve... or they say, yes, they will sell things overseas.
Speaker A: So you can buy stuff in America and have it shipped over for like 23 pounds, like that.
Speaker A: I'm going to put these initial ideas that we've got in the project documents.
Speaker A: So if you guys need a reminder about what we've talked about on the different trade-offs that we've got and the other ideas, you can consult them at your leisure.
Speaker A: And right, so thanks for that.
Speaker A: Let's just head back to work on what we were talking about.
Speaker A: Getting into...
Speaker D: You have an hour?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Perfect.
Speaker A: Cool.
Speaker A: Thank you.
None: Thanks for watching.
