Speaker C: Oh, is this how you are?
Speaker C: It's so fun.
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker B: You did something, you did something.
Speaker C: No?
Speaker C: It doesn't look as good as it is.
Speaker A: It's pretty cool.
Speaker A: You look kind of like Rambo.
Speaker A: I think...
Speaker C: Alright, hold on.
Speaker C: Let's play the game.
Speaker C: I think that's...
None: Come on, come on.
None: Dammit that.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay, I'll use the power point.
Speaker D: How was that? Was that fun?
Speaker A: Very fun.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Oh, I've forgotten to mail you the minute, but I will do.
Speaker D: Oops, it's easy.
Speaker D: We...
Speaker D: Alright, okay.
Speaker D: This one gets paid.
Speaker D: Alright, okay.
Speaker D: Were you guys first with your prototype?
Speaker D: I'll probably get to the good news.
Speaker C: Yeah, there's good news.
Speaker D: We have budget problems.
Speaker D: In the fridge, we'll sack.
Speaker D: Okay, have your presentation to make?
Speaker D: No, a North mic.
Speaker C: Okay, sure.
Speaker C: Okay, sure.
Speaker A: We made three for you.
Speaker A: One's based on the banana, one's based on the tomato, and the other one.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, well, yeah, we had some red left over.
Speaker A: Okay, so this is the non-tough...
Speaker A: No buttons, one or as few buttons as possible.
Speaker A: Mainly speak recognition.
Speaker A: The yellow there is the slogan, yeah, that we need to incorporate.
Speaker A: Very simple.
Speaker A: If you do need buttons, you can flip it over and there's something there.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: But mainly it's speak tracking recognition.
Speaker D: Okay, so the buttons would be like individual users.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, they might project things onto the screen, which you can do on there.
Speaker A: I'm not sure about that.
Speaker A: And this one is the one, more like the one that we looked at earlier.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah, you guys can...
Speaker C: Do you mind the feel of it?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker A: That one is... Oh, no, it's delicate.
Speaker A: It's already got it stand, that one, that's it stand.
Speaker A: It does also lie flat, but that yellow stand there represents the charging stand.
Speaker A: The black on the back is the slogan.
Speaker A: Okay, nice and obvious.
Speaker A: Yeah, that would have... Well, we did think of that.
Speaker A: It's on there, but also we're going to have the company name on the front, which is the little black kind of line.
Speaker A: Alright, okay, right.
Speaker A: And that's the transmittory thing.
Speaker A: These are the two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down.
Speaker A: We weren't sure about putting them there because it's... It kind of could get bashed.
Speaker D: Yeah, we're holding it kind of...
Speaker A: Well, if you hold it, you can... Well, hold it. It does actually feel quite ergonomic if you've got small hands.
Speaker A: Obviously, I don't think that's real sized thing, it would have to be a bit bigger.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a model.
Speaker A: Okay, that's a speaker at the top, so you can speak into it like a little walkie-talkie as well for speaking recognition.
Speaker A: And then the buttons kind of self-explanatory, just buttons, whatever you need them, try to keep it simple.
Speaker A: Or that's the charging base prongs at the bottom.
Speaker A: We used those with tools and trade to that.
Speaker A: And then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one.
Speaker A: It's not in the traditional place, but it's quite an obvious place.
Speaker D: Excellent.
Speaker A: So there we go.
Speaker A: And we have the banana, the base one too.
Speaker C: This one is a... I suppose for the younger audiences.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: A more friendly type of...
Speaker C: So Barney the banana.
Speaker C: Right, right.
Speaker C: It's to induce more television watches.
Speaker C: Absolutely, just what you need.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Sort of Loch Ness banana.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker D: Well, yeah.
Speaker D: Nice to have options, at least.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So are there any improvements or issues?
Speaker A: Oh, there are issues.
Speaker D: Oh, there are issues.
Speaker C: It's way to lie down once.
Speaker D: Main problem that we have unfortunately being finance.
Speaker D: Ness is entering the evaluation criteria.
Speaker D: Unfortunately, the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll button.
Speaker D: And it's going to cost us 14.6 euros.
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker D: So we have to re...
Speaker D: Sorry, I accidentally highlighted somehow.
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker D: Oh, God.
Speaker D: Why is it doing that?
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker D: So basically, in order to save our two euros, I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape, but just have it flattened.
Speaker C: More likely to do it in all remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I mean, it's already got a kind of cool shape.
Speaker D: So it wouldn't have to be curved in and out.
Speaker D: And by doing so...
Speaker D: Oh, no, hold on.
Speaker D: It doesn't save us quite as much.
Speaker D: I don't know what's going on, but let's again...
Speaker C: Why is there a double curve?
Speaker C: Two or four?
Speaker D: Oh, good point.
Speaker B: And double curve on both sides?
Speaker B: Curve on?
Speaker B: Yeah, this is double curve.
Speaker B: Sure.
Speaker B: Curve.
Speaker B: This is double curve.
Speaker B: This one is single curve.
Speaker B: This is single curve. This is one both sides.
Speaker B: Is that double curve?
Speaker D: No, I think it means double curve doesn't...
Speaker D: Like an S shape.
Speaker D: Like a single curve on that bottom half.
Speaker D: And the double curve would be if it was that similar curve.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: That might be wrong.
Speaker B: Like this one curve on this side, one curve on that side.
Speaker B: I don't like that.
Speaker B: It's a curve.
Speaker D: I think that's just a shape.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: The curve of a chair is like the...
Speaker D: It's a piece.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: That's the biggest expense.
Speaker C: Yeah, and why I've got it too.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I can't seem to select anymore, however.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: We can work around that.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker D: What do you think it should be one?
Speaker D: It's meant to be one.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know why I've been doing that.
Speaker D: But hold on until I find out that this shift button might be stuck again.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, this shift button is stuck.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So take away three which would give us...
Speaker D: Oh, that's fine.
Speaker D: So 11 euro, 60.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker A: So we could even add something.
Speaker D: We could...
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I'll just add a little bit more.
Speaker C: Fire the accountants.
Speaker C: Yeah, we could add things.
Speaker D: If you click back in that bottom right,
Speaker B: so where are you starting from? Yeah.
Speaker B: You can do one thing, right?
Speaker B: One of the buttons is stuck in the other one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Just to make it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Now, we'll wait like this.
Speaker B: It's not a shift button.
Speaker D: It's not a shift button.
Speaker D: It's not a shift button.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not a shift button.
Speaker B: Should we ask about technical?
Speaker B: It's about Melissa.
Speaker D: That's fine.
Speaker D: We've worked out more.
Speaker D: It would be anyway.
Speaker C: Did you try both shift buttons?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: That's it.
Speaker D: Oh, no, wait.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So that's fine.
Speaker D: I don't know what we could do.
Speaker D: What can we do?
Speaker D: We could add?
Speaker A: Well, maybe we could add something.
Speaker A: But maybe if...
Speaker A: I suppose that's our...
Speaker A: That's our design that we've got.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: If we're happy with designers, we'd have to put money if we don't have to.
Speaker A: But if there's anything we've missed out there, then feel free to add it.
Speaker A: Maybe...
Speaker A: I mean, obviously it would be bigger, so there might be more space for the slogan on the front.
Speaker A: Because it's not an ideal place right now.
Speaker D: That's...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, project variation.
Speaker D: We have under 12, that year is 50.
Speaker D: Project process.
Speaker D: Everything that went.
Speaker D: Are we happy?
Speaker C: We're happy.
Speaker C: I think we have a winning product.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Project variation.
Speaker D: I don't really rate myself a bit more.
Speaker A: I think it went quite smoothly.
Speaker D: Room for creativity.
Speaker D: Were we happy with that?
Speaker A: I think we were very creative.
Speaker D: No, I mean, I think it means sort of individually.
Speaker A: Oh, right, okay.
Speaker D: Yes, maybe.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, we're just going to...
Speaker D: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: Teamwork leadership, sorry.
Speaker A: It's a leadership.
Speaker D: You're okay.
Speaker D: You're all getting a raise.
Speaker D: Teamwork, I thought, out now?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Everyone got enough input, I think.
Speaker D: And, well, means, yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We use technical stuff, which is brilliant.
Speaker D: That's why more.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I don't know what new ideas are firing to means, to be honest.
Speaker B: Yeah, these are new ideas, like, glow-in-the-dark or something like that.
Speaker B: We discussed all the new ideas, but, of course, we couldn't reach any proper goals.
Speaker B: We couldn't use these later, but we are using these scroll buttons like this.
Speaker B: These are new ideas, and new shapes, everything.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: At least.
Speaker D: So, just a gen of thumbs up for all of us.
Speaker D: That, kind of, unfortunately, is too quick.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Well...
Speaker A: Uh...
Speaker D: I don't have to do that.
Speaker D: I suppose, yeah.
Speaker C: So, let's talk about our bonuses and the raises we're getting.
Speaker D: I'm thinking another couple of days, holiday pay, maybe.
Speaker D: Well in order for all of you.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Let's see if I can get this.
Speaker D: It's not even good.
Speaker C: Oops.
Speaker C: Maybe start cleaning up the play.
Speaker B: Yeah, much.
Speaker D: Let's go back in.
Speaker D: Reusable.
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker A: Maybe.
Speaker A: Something.
Speaker D: I don't know what to say.
Speaker D: So, it's really, really annoying.
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker B: Right?
Speaker B: Have you, have you finished?
Speaker B: Um, I have, yes.
Speaker B: I need also there.
Speaker B: I've just, my need also there.
Speaker B: Presentation.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You've got more.
Speaker D: Oh, you got a potato star.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Oh, it didn't bother to tell me that on this thing.
Speaker D: Is it?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: It doesn't tell me.
Speaker D: Is the project evaluated that is my, man?
Speaker B: Oh, you're doing it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We're going to evaluate ourselves.
Speaker D: We thought we were green.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker D: Love to be that now.
Speaker A: Kind of a green banana now.
Speaker A: I covered it.
Speaker A: It's, this is well, sorry.
Speaker A: We've got to mention the main thing.
Speaker A: We've got to mention we've made out of kind of a rubbery.
Speaker A: They text new material that we've got.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Hold on.
None: Anybody?
Speaker C: I've got that.
Speaker D: One down, one would sell that one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: So now is the final evaluation, final evaluation of the, of, of our product.
Speaker B: How we are going to, means at what standards, what standard, whether it means our standards or not, what rating we will give to these products.
Speaker B: So of course this will be a team work.
Speaker B: We together have to decide what rating we will give to this product and everything.
Speaker B: So, but methodology, I will tell you on what basis we are going to discuss all this.
Speaker B: We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements, whether it meets the user requirements or not, this product then trends, whether it is as per the latest fashion trends or not.
Speaker B: That means because we have already studied that people do prefer fashionable things nowadays.
Speaker B: So this is also an important factor for evaluation also.
Speaker B: Then marketing strategy of the company.
Speaker B: As we have already discussed that our company is quite rapid in the market.
Speaker B: Not only in terms of providing quality products, not only in providing latest technologies, but also in terms of providing environmental.
Speaker B: So, I just say, but I also in terms of providing environmental safe products like keeping in mind all the safety issues.
Speaker B: So, now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale.
Speaker B: I am having this scale.
Speaker B: So, we have to do it on a board.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: I should be the user.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: So,
None: thank you. Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: So, these are the three criteria for evaluation of home of product.
Speaker B: First of all, comes user requirement.
Speaker B: So, we will see whether this product meets all user requirements or not.
Speaker B: First, I would like to have your views.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker B: Whether it meets all user requirements or not?
Speaker A: I think, yeah, it did.
Speaker A: It had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the new technology that people said they wanted.
Speaker B: So, what rating you will personally?
Speaker B: I would say seven.
Speaker A: Seven.
Speaker A: Seven is good, isn't it?
Speaker A: True or false?
Speaker A: No search.
Speaker B: One is true.
Speaker B: One is highest ranking.
Speaker B: But I think highest ranking is seven or one.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: So, it's one from your point of view.
Speaker B: And what do you say about industrial expert?
Speaker C: It's hard to know.
Speaker B: But you can tell only, I think she has given her views on the basis of design because she was our interface expert.
Speaker B: But you can give your views based on technology whether the technology meets the requirements of the customers or not.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think it might even exceed it.
Speaker C: But I guess there is kind of a shortage of buttons.
Speaker C: Say, I'm going to give it a two.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker B: And what about you Brian?
Speaker B: I'll go for one.
Speaker D: You will go for one.
Speaker D: Basic requirements.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Of the project.
Speaker B: For me personally, it is everything fine.
Speaker B: It may be having good design.
Speaker B: It may be meeting all the requirements of the customers like technology wise, price wise.
Speaker B: But there is one thing which limits the customers like we are having only two, three designs.
Speaker B: Like we are having one banana design.
Speaker B: And the other one is orange.
Speaker B: And yellow.
Speaker B: And the third one is what you get that is not of a fruit look.
Speaker B: But if a person doesn't like banana or orange, you are limiting him.
Speaker B: No, don't buy our product because we like this only.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we are showing our preference for particular fruits, two or three kinds and...
Speaker B: Fritest.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that not trends?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Personally, as a marketing expert, I don't believe that because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits, they give a range of products, a range of shapes.
Speaker B: Like if we look at the smallest thing to office chocolate, they give a variety of different things.
Speaker B: Some children like to buy banana shapes, some apple shapes, some even pineapple shapes, some orange shape.
Speaker B: So you can't know means what shape a person will like.
Speaker B: So in this case, giving only one or two choices, we are limiting our customers.
Speaker B: And by limiting them, we are limiting our sales, limiting our profit also.
Speaker A: But in electronics, I think it's not always quite so.
Speaker A: You don't always have so many choices with chocolate.
Speaker A: I think, you know, if you go into buy a TV, maybe a company will have...
Speaker A: That you're going to choose from a company will have two or three choices, but their different designs will come up with one product.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: No, I will...
Speaker B: Obviously, you're potentially trying to...
Speaker B: Won't give it to you in beyond three.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we can...
Speaker B: Stop clicking.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: On average, we can think of three people.
Speaker B: Seven.
Speaker B: Maybe...
Speaker B: Three or four.
Speaker B: No, sorry.
Speaker B: It should six.
Speaker B: Five or six.
Speaker C: What are we doing?
Speaker B: No, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Speaker B: We are doing very wrong things.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, we are taking average and that's...
Speaker A: I have taken it to I wrongly.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Three, four, four, six, seven, seven.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: One point.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker B: So we can say one or two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And because it is one point eight, just reaching two, so we will do two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, however the trends...
Speaker C: Can you explain what you want us to write there?
Speaker C: Sorry?
Speaker C: How conforms to the current trends?
Speaker B: Yeah, again, the freshened trends, this also like...
Speaker B: Whether it will be fashionable to have these products in the...
Speaker B: As a fruit shape or something.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, um...
Speaker A: Going on the specifications that we had, the fruit and vegetables are quite popular.
Speaker A: And that people like something that is good to look at, and not many buttons.
Speaker A: I would give it...
Speaker A: Well, because it's hard to make a fruit, good to look at.
Speaker A: That looks cool, you know?
Speaker A: So I would actually give it a three...
Speaker A: A three or four, I'm not sure.
Speaker A: Three.
Speaker A: Good for you.
Speaker C: As far as the technology, it's got the latest trends in speech technology, but it's missing the screen, as you said.
Speaker C: It does have the push buttons, or the scroll buttons, but doesn't have that fancy solar power, the vibrating energy mechanisms.
Speaker C: I give it a four, I give it kind of middle of the road for the technology.
Speaker D: And I'm sort of pretty...
Speaker D: Just the fruit, it does mean.
Speaker D: I mean...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It might be trendy to some, but I'm just not swallowing the fruit.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Also, I would like to see the LCD screen in it.
Speaker D: So yeah, I'd say about four as well.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Personally, I mean...
Speaker B: I think that in terms of trends, these products are quite good, like...
Speaker B: These products are in fruit shape, because that people now...
Speaker B: Our fashion trends show that people like everything...
Speaker B: Everything is being advertised like clothes shoes, and everything is being advertised in the form of fruits and vegetables, or getting them some...
Speaker B: Or showing some association with them.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: And in this way, our product is good.
Speaker B: And the second thing now, people don't want any complicated or...
Speaker B: Bunkie project, and our system is quite simple and quite handy.
Speaker B: So that is also...
Speaker B: Our product meets the trends of the market.
Speaker B: And yes, it is Cuspongi also.
Speaker B: So they can play with it, it's quite good.
Speaker B: So then I think maybe I can give it to.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Four, five, ten, thirteen, thirty, so we can...
Speaker B: Is it fine?
Speaker B: So what about company strategy?
Speaker B: Say...
Speaker C: Um...
Speaker C: Zialla...
Speaker A: Yeah, the company strategy, okay.
Speaker A: There was a lot of disgusting.
Speaker A: It was good.
Speaker A: I feel I got my say.
Speaker A: So I give the company strategy...
Speaker A: Uh...
Speaker A: Two.
Speaker C: Okay, well I think it's the remote control conforms to the company strategy.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Is that the question?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Is it okay?
Speaker A: Okay, so...
Speaker A: One or two?
Speaker A: What...
Speaker A: Okay, just...
Speaker A: It's fine.
Speaker C: I'll go with two.
Speaker B: So what were you, Brian?
Speaker D: Um, yeah.
Speaker D: I agree...
Speaker D: Pretty much kept to the company strategy, so I would go for a...
Speaker D: Uh, one as we not only kept to it, but we were limited by it.
Speaker B: Um...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And...
Speaker B: Me also like this product...
Speaker B: Me...
Speaker B: This Me as all companies strategy, like...
Speaker B: Uh, product should be as per customer's requirement, as per latest technology, and it should be environmental safe.
Speaker B: So since our product meets all these requirements, so I would also prefer to give it rank one.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Four, six, six.
Speaker B: Uh, so we can say two or one.
Speaker C: Two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Seven, seven.
Speaker C: And...
None: No.
None: Uh...
Speaker B: Overall, we are getting two pan-c's something, but we can round it as two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I think overall, a evaluation of our product is quite good.
Speaker B: So we can launch it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Mm-hmm.
Speaker A: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
None: Mm-hmm.
Speaker D: In which case, we are done.
Speaker D: Because we have evaluated and we are within budget.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Champing lunch?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Good.
Speaker D: I've got a mic.
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I'll wait with that.
Speaker C: So I'll have to write up a couple more...
Speaker C: More forms.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker D: I've got a report to write, so...
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: So I like my job.
Speaker A: Yeah, with the claim.
None: Uh...
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Can you hold up gender free?
Speaker B: My list is in...
None: Yours is in project?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's good.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Cool.
Speaker D: I'll get there eventually.
None: Okay.
None: Okay, oh...
None: terrible
