Speaker B: Is everyone ready to start?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay, great.
Speaker B: Well, welcome to the third meeting of conceptual design.
Speaker B: Let's get the PowerPoint presentation up and running.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: On the agenda for this particular meeting, we'll have your three presentations on what you've done since our last meeting after we came up with some general ideas of our design.
Speaker B: And then we have to make some key decisions on our remote control concept and how we're going to make you what material we're going to use and that sort of thing.
Speaker B: The meeting will be 40 minutes long.
Speaker B: And we'll once again have Poppy as our first presenter.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And now we'll switch up PowerPoint.
Speaker B: Thank you.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Should be just loading.
None: Okay.
None: Oh, I can't see it.
None: Oh, okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: Oh, I can't see it on my screen.
Speaker A: That's just going here.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: We've been doing some research into the different components that we could use.
Speaker A: What's available to us to actually make the remote control.
Speaker A: First of all, we have to look at how the remote control is actually made and what is it happens inside the casing, which is more your field.
Speaker A: The main internal feature is a circuit board, which contains all the electronics and also the contacts with the power source, which is not necessarily a battery is without to see.
Speaker A: There are several components of the circuit board that we need to consider where we'll be getting them from, what they'll be made of, including the integrated circuit, which is also known as the chip, which is where all the main information is contained.
Speaker A: Diode, transistors, resonators, resistors and capacitors all need to be considered as well and all their positioning in the circuit.
Speaker B: Are they all included, like mandatory or are these different options?
Speaker A: These, they're all different options.
Speaker A: They're all separate apart from the chip, which we will probably decide whether we buy a simple or regular advance.
Speaker A: We'll go into that later.
Speaker A: All the other things, the individual components that we'd have to get in separately and work out the most effective circuit, including all the wires and that and the LED of course, that's the light emitting diode.
Speaker A: So we've got flexibility with colours and things with that as well.
Speaker A: Okay, there are lots of different possibilities for the energy source.
Speaker A: We could use a basic battery, but that brings with it, like, the need to be recharged and the bulk, the size of it as well.
Speaker A: And they're not so great to dispose of environmentally.
Speaker A: There's the hand-powered dynamo, which is the sort of thing that was used for torches 50 years ago, a bit out of date.
Speaker A: Kinetic energy is something that's been recently developed.
Speaker A: What is a hand-powered dynamo?
Speaker A: Where you manually charge up the power, like you do everything.
Speaker A: Just every once in a while?
Speaker A: Sorry?
Speaker A: Just every once in a while.
Speaker B: It'd be kind of strange to always be kind of strange.
Speaker B: Yeah, be like going a step back in time.
Speaker A: I don't think it would really be with cutting edge technology.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Whereas kinetic energy is a new idea that's been used by some watches and other devices where you just shake the device and it gives it the power.
Speaker A: The kinetic energy is transformed into power to make the circuit work.
Speaker A: Or the solar power, which we're considering inside a building, which is where it's going to be used, might not be quite so useful.
Speaker A: But good to look into, renewable energy, always there.
Speaker A: Lots of considerations for the case, like what sort of shape it would be curved or flat.
Speaker A: That's got a lot to do with the ergonomics.
Speaker A: I think how it's comfortable and sits in the hand.
Speaker A: We don't want something that's huge and you can't pick up or too small or too slidey.
Speaker A: I know I've had a remote control before, which you couldn't tell, which was the front and the back.
Speaker A: It had so many buttons on and the shape was so symmetrical that I'd be pressing like a volume button instead of the on button because you can't really see what you're around it.
Speaker A: We also can choose what materials.
Speaker A: We could use metal, we could use rubber, which might be more ideal for the anti-RSI.
Speaker A: It's like the same sort of rubber that's used in stress balls and things like that.
Speaker A: So it's very soft, not so stressful, on your hands.
Speaker A: Wood.
Speaker A: Again, stepping back inside, we get there.
Speaker A: I don't think that's quite up to date with what we're looking for here.
Speaker A: Titanium is not going to be possible, it's beyond our budget really, but would have been maybe for future projects.
Speaker A: I have a choice for buttons as well.
Speaker A: We've developed some good advances in technology with our research team.
Speaker A: We've found some new multiple options, scroll buttons.
Speaker A: I think that was brought up before.
Speaker A: They're basically quite a flexible design, modern.
Speaker A: You don't have to use individual buttons.
Speaker A: You can just slide up and down.
Speaker A: I'm sure we're all quite familiar with those on mobile or computer laptop.
Speaker B: One thing with the scroll buttons though, we would have to have an LCD.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker A: Display and the glow-in-the-dark thing.
Speaker A: Yeah, if we have.
Speaker A: Might be difficult.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We're going on to that later with the LCD.
Speaker A: That means we need a really advanced chip.
Speaker A: It's unlikely that that's going to be in our budget.
Speaker A: Also, we've got the integrated push button, which is what we're most familiar with.
Speaker A: It's most straightforward.
Speaker A: You can incorporate that with the scroll button as well.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker A: Stations to make there.
Speaker A: This is what I was just saying.
Speaker A: Four linked into the different depends on what type of buttons we have and the inputs.
Speaker A: Simple.
Speaker A: The settings button, regular, you could link with the scroll button and the advanced would have to go with a LCD display.
Speaker A: My personal preference is I think we could go for the kinetic energy source.
Speaker A: I think that's quite an advanced kind of technology.
Speaker A: It's not been seen before so it could be quite a novelty factor, attractive as well.
Speaker A: So energy savings, you're producing the energy.
Speaker A: You don't need an external battery supply or solar panels.
Speaker A: So you just give it a shake.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Sounds brilliant to me.
Speaker A: Rubbing casing, I think we're probably the best if we're going for the anti-RSI and more choice with aesthetics.
Speaker A: It could be pretty much any colour we want.
Speaker A: It gives you more flexibility there.
Speaker A: Probably the regular chip is supposed to be simple and we could possibly have the scroll and the push but no LCD because we probably can't afford that one.
Speaker B: One concern with the rubber casing is that it would be rubber encapsulating all of these chips and diodes and delicate technology as the exterior.
Speaker B: This is the one thing that's protecting its innards.
Speaker A: I think that would be more internal casing and the rubber would just be the what's in contact with the human hand.
Speaker B: Another thing is it might be more difficult if it's a rubber exterior.
Speaker B: We're talking about putting on interchangeable plates.
Speaker B: I don't see how a rubber plate going on top of it would stay there.
Speaker B: If it was a clip-on plastic plate, it would work that way.
Speaker A: Maybe if it was just more of a rubber coating which was on to a case, the whole thing would be removable.
Speaker D: Plastic with rubber.
Speaker D: I can't think of what.
Speaker A: There is a certain phone that has a rubber casing.
Speaker A: Or you can get outer casing for iPods and something that's just protective as well.
Speaker A: It stops it, it will reduce the impact if it was dropped or something.
Speaker A: It wouldn't damage its help.
Speaker A: Maybe a mixture of both.
Speaker C: The actual remote would be hard plastic.
Speaker B: That sounds good.
Speaker B: Is it possible to put designs onto this type of rubber?
Speaker A: As far as I know, it should be.
Speaker B: I like the kinetic energy source idea.
Speaker B: I don't know when people will be moving around a lot.
Speaker B: But I think that it's worth it.
Speaker B: Kinetic energy source it can make.
Speaker B: We can have any kind of style that would be as heavy or bulky.
Speaker C: We can have a battery pack.
Speaker C: It's a battery pack.
Speaker C: There is a one battery.
Speaker C: It was running off of one battery.
Speaker A: It's an alternative just in case.
Speaker D: Maybe we could.
Speaker D: That's true.
Speaker A: Maybe that could be the backup.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Instead of a battery.
Speaker C: It's so light.
Speaker C: You can't watch TV in the dark then.
Speaker A: But you don't need the solar all the time.
Speaker A: It can be stored.
Speaker A: It can be like you can have the solar energy and then it can store that energy.
Speaker A: It just needs to be in light for a certain amount of time per day, like a few hours a day.
Speaker B: I think that might be a little impractical.
Speaker C: I think sometimes it's just shoved under a cushion.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker B: People don't want to have to worry about that.
Speaker A: I suppose it would be really annoying if you get to think, oh no, I've got to charge my remote.
Speaker A: It's a kinetic thing I think that's the best about that.
Speaker A: It's instant energy.
Speaker A: You can shake it a few times or whatever.
Speaker A: Or just like a big it up when you're going to use it.
Speaker A: Instead of you don't have to make sure it's in the right place to charge.
Speaker B: Cool.
Speaker B: Is that the end of your presentation?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you.
None: Oh.
Speaker D: It's not on my screen.
Speaker A: I didn't know.
Speaker A: I don't know why.
Speaker A: I don't know why.
Speaker A: I think I just use the mouse.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Awesome.
Speaker D: I'm just going to go through the interface concept with use noise.
Speaker D: First of all, explain what a user interface is.
Speaker D: It's the aspects of the computer system which can be seen or otherwise seen for example, a pair or a shelf, maybe a by the human user.
Speaker D: And it's also the commands that the user uses to control its operation and to input data.
Speaker D: There are two types of user interfaces.
Speaker D: There's the graphical user interface which emphasizes the use of pictures for our fit and the point device for example, a mouse for input control.
Speaker D: Is that sort of like the schools I knew were talking about?
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: I'm not really sure about the pictures that maybe that's on an LCD screen.
Speaker D: Or maybe it's the buttons and pictures.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I suppose second time.
Speaker B: I'm sorry.
Speaker B: Because command interface requires you to type textual commands and input at a keyboard.
Speaker B: So the numbers are sort of like a keyboard.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: You're pressing the numbers for what you want.
Speaker D: For the graphical user you must use some kind of presentation for the graphics.
Speaker A: I suppose on some buttons you would have the power would be some kind of symbol.
Speaker A: And if you wanted to go on to teletext or I know we're not having that.
Speaker A: But I mean the similar thing is they have this little picture of a screen with lines across it which I suppose it's that sort of thing like the symbol on the button.
Speaker A: But if we're having a simplified display anyway, that we would have to focus so much on that and be more than the numbers in the volume.
Speaker A: It would be more a command interface.
Speaker A: So it's a need to think of symbols for the volume to display.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So it's just graphical for the pointing aspect.
Speaker C: The infrared is like that's considered.
Speaker D: Hmm.
Speaker D: No, I think it did you with the actual symbols that are on the buttons that are in the control.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So when it says pointing, it invites that doesn't include.
Speaker D: Well, it could be a school or something and something could come up in the school.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think they're talking about LCD type things.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But um.
Speaker D: I think we're going to go with the command interface anyway.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But the, we could incorporate some of the graphical user points as in just to make it nicer to look at maybe.
Speaker D: What do you mean?
Speaker D: Like, I can't think of an example, but sort of like little pictures rather than.
Speaker D: Oh yeah.
Speaker D: Like how the buttons signed instead of same volume.
Speaker D: Like a little speaker.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: As a button though.
Speaker B: So it's a keyboard in the shape of it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: I like that.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: The.
Speaker D: We've started with the command interface.
Speaker D: This is the most useful.
Speaker D: The little control.
Speaker D: The less complicated.
Speaker D: And the controls is the more than user.
Speaker D: The more.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: The little control is the cheaper than you think.
Speaker D: That would have more money in the budget to, um.
Speaker D: Target the design.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: To face.
Speaker D: Make it more trendy.
Speaker D: And then it's no longer.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'm sure like kinetic energy would probably dip into the budget.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Quite a new technology.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: We.
Speaker D: We also have to keep in mind when we're designing our.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: More users and like.
Speaker D: A lot of interfaces.
Speaker D: The clutter buttons that.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: That the functions, colors and forms.
Speaker D: Aren't always helpful.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: The buttons is all the different colors for different choices.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Things can be a bit.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And that.
Speaker D: All.
Speaker D: All interfaces are different.
Speaker D: Um, that doesn't improve the product.
Speaker D: So we need to come up with something that's easy to understand.
Speaker D: And maybe learn from these takes of all our interfaces that can be too complicated for people to use.
None: Mm.
Speaker D: Does anyone have any questions?
Speaker B: Do you think that we should keep.
Speaker B: All the buttons to one same color just to keep it give it a simplistic look.
Speaker C: I think if we go with the design plate thing, we'll have to.
Speaker C: Just because of color clashing and.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: If you want to.
Speaker C: So I mean, depending on what comes out of the design, we might have to stick to just black buttons.
Speaker B: But what about the lighting up effect?
Speaker C: I mean different colors for the lighting or.
Speaker B: Um, well, um, I thought we had decided that we would.
Speaker B: If you touch one of the buttons, they'd all light up.
Speaker B: And so if they were black, it would be possible for them to light up.
Speaker C: Oh, I see what you're saying.
Speaker B: Well, if they were white, they would glow probably if they were made of rubber.
Speaker C: Oh, so you're picturing the light is coming from the back.
Speaker C: I kind of pictured it as kind of coming from the sides and lighting it up frontwards.
Speaker C: Oh, oh, we're like coming from the back.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: I'd seem like an internal light.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That comes through.
Speaker A: So there would have to have to be some parts, maybe transparent around.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: But it's something.
Speaker B: A little rubber is a more translucent product too.
Speaker B: So it should be able to.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Is that taken care of?
Speaker D: And the phone that I was thinking of as well, when you change the, um, covers of it, the, the, the little buttons that actually, you know, that.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Are behind the rubber.
Speaker D: So you can change the buttons when you're changing the faces.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I mean, I don't have to decide on one color.
Speaker D: Each face could have a.
Speaker B: Well, if they're raised up buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So that you can feel them, we were talking about it being more.
Speaker B: A lot more tangible.
Speaker B: It might be more difficult to do.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If they're sticking up, if it's flat, then like, I don't know, like a cell phone or a mobile phone.
Speaker B: It's like all very flat and you just have to sort of press down on these tiny little buttons.
Speaker B: But.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think it would be possible. I don't think it would make that much difference.
Speaker A: I mean, the dimensions of it, because if it's just like constructed in the same way as like the front cover of a mobile phone, you can take off the hard cover and then there's the, like, so the buttons and then you get to the circuit.
Speaker A: I don't think it would matter that the buttons are bigger through the, the top casing.
Speaker A: I'm sure you could work out to fit in the casing without causing too much.
Speaker A: It's fine.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: If it's doable, you can.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That was good to me.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's everything.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Thank you.
None: Okay.
None: Is that my turn?
Speaker B: That means you're out.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: I have a shorter report for you today.
Speaker C: It took a while to get this.
Speaker A: You're not plugged in yet.
Speaker C: Oh, that's a very good point.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'll go through some issues.
Speaker C: real remote. We can work off of them and see how the fashion has changed. I'll list the three most important aspects that I've come across. They're each more important than the one that comes after it. The first one is that there should be a fancy look and feel instead of the current functional look and feel. This should be our priority, as we've been saying.
Speaker C: The second most important aspect is that the remote control should be technologically innovative. I think we've done a lot of talking about that, just with lighting and the buttons in the face plates. It looks like we'll be able to keep on track with that. The third most important aspect is that their remote control should be easy to use. Pretty basic there.
Speaker C: The recent fashion update, according to fashion washers in Paris and Milan, is that fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes, shoes, and furniture.
Speaker C: Also, in contrast to last year, the field and materials is expected to be spongy. Again, we've already discussed that with rubber versus hard plastic buttons. My personal preference is here. Of course, we've already talked about the personal face plates in this meeting, and I'd like to stick to that. The fruits and vegetable themes, I don't know if that's going to work for us. It sounds something that you do use on kitchenware. I don't know if we want to do it on our moats. It could be one of the options, maybe for the television that people have in their kitchen. The temporary light-up idea sounds like we're going to stick to that, and then tying in a trendy look with user-friendliness.
Speaker B: The fruits and vegetables is the only area that I find rather jarring. Everything else we can really do, according to our plans already, given the market. But fruits and vegetables seems a very strange idea for the world. It's everywhere.
Speaker C: I've seen a lot of persons with olives on them. I think we stick to TV-based TV shows. They still need to fit into
Speaker A: people's decor, though. I think we could possibly take a more abstract design, look at the basic shapes of different fruits and vegetables, and then just really strip it down to really basic shapes. We don't have to make something in the shape of a strawberry, but it could have the curves of a strawberry, or a strawberry seed, or a really make it quite abstract if that fits in more with what we're doing instead of fruits and vegetables. If you look at it straight forward, it's a bit... It doesn't fit in with the trendy... Well, obviously, it does, if that's the correct theme, but maybe we could go more directly. I don't know. But initially, I don't know. I think if we just sort of tone it down a bit.
Speaker B: Not photos of fruits.
Speaker C: One thing I was thinking, I don't know if you'll remember from our kickoff meeting, we talked about our favorite animals. So maybe they could be animal-based, you know, because a lot of people have a house cat or a dog. That might be getting too specific, and we should see what the success of the first faceplates are. But it doesn't like to keep in mind.
Speaker C: Did you have any questions?
Speaker C: Pretty straightforward.
Speaker B: All right, given that information, we need to start making some more specific decisions.
Speaker B: So I'll need to hook up the PowerPoint again.
Speaker C: Have you guys been saving your PowerPoint presentations to the...
Speaker A: I didn't for the first one, but I have now. It's still around, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I'm just trying to make this pop up now.
Speaker B: All right, here we go. Okay, so we have to decide now exactly what we are going to do. So energy we owe.
Speaker B: Oh no, I can't write it in when it's in this setting.
Speaker B: So I don't know how to take it out of...
Speaker B: The PowerPoint key, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay. So back to the decision. Energy, we've decided on kinetic range. Okay, so that's good.
Speaker A: Are we going to have a backup?
Speaker A: Hmm. Or do we just...
Speaker B: But would a backup really be necessary?
Speaker B: I mean, will people just use the battery if there's no?
Speaker A: I think maybe we could just go for the kinetic energy and be bold and innovative and hope this works and well, hope that it works.
Speaker A: Yeah, there's no reason why it wouldn't work, right?
Speaker A: I think we should just take advantage of using this with full potential. It can even be one of our selling points.
Speaker B: It could be fully kinetic energy. Yeah, environmentally conscious.
Speaker C: They're so just how important they just have to shake it a bit and that will be very light. Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: All right, the next decision is chip on print.
Speaker A: I don't exactly know what that means. It's whether we went for the simple, the regular O of the advanced chip and that linked in with what buttons we were going to have. Right, and we were going for more simplistic style, right?
Speaker A: Yeah, but that was without the LCD, so that means we are not doing the advanced. So it depends on whether we wanted the scroll buttons or just the push buttons. I think we decided on the push buttons, right?
Speaker B: So that's the simple... Would we need a more advanced one for the lighting, the interior lighting system? Yeah, possibly. So it's probably going to
Speaker A: be the regular chip that we're going to need. So it's a medium. So regular chip. That's called medium or regular? Regular, sorry.
Speaker A: Okay. Regular chip. Oh, it was regular not simple?
Speaker A: Yeah, I think. Yeah, if we... Because of the lighting that we've decided to
Speaker B: put in as well. Okay, and cases. So is this dependent on shape or what
Speaker A: it's made of or what? I think this is just going to be a very outside case which we both decided on rubber.
Speaker B: Yeah, well I guess plastic and rubber. Coated in rubber.
Speaker B: Plastic with rubber coating and inter-changeable.
Speaker A: Inter-changeable, yeah, still going for that.
Speaker B: Yeah, inter-changeable, please.
Speaker B: User interface concept. This is your time to shine.
Speaker D: We decided on the component. I'm sorry, I've lost my um...
Speaker D: Part one thing.
Speaker D: So what happened? I think it was called command interface.
Speaker B: Oh yeah, yeah. Command interface. Command interface.
Speaker D: Command line interface here. Does it command line? Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay. Line interface.
Speaker B: All right, and supplements. What's that all about?
Speaker D: Um, I think that is... Well, we haven't really made any decisions about what we're going to do, like the cluster of button functions, collage and forms, and that and consistent use. Like what are our ideas to combat these problems?
Speaker D: Different interfaces are very different and can be confusing because the causes are different and the cause um, the different cluster chip buttons that they have.
Speaker D: We haven't really decided what to do like that.
Speaker B: Um, what are our choices here? Well, it's just um,
Speaker D: where, where shall we locate the buttons? What kind of functions will it shall we have? We like will have the numbers of the
Speaker B: channels and we'll have power, a channel changer, and volume, and power. So, just basic. Yeah, like I don't know if we should go into like adjusting light levels, things like that, because
Speaker A: different televisions will have. Yeah, tone, contrast, and things
Speaker C: that's a bit... That was on um, one of my presentations about how often it was used. Do you remember that? Yeah, it was minimal.
Speaker C: Well, it wasn't that I was hardly ever used. Should I bring it up?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah. I was told, visions will come with a remote. Yeah, and surely that would be like quite specific to the individual television.
Speaker B: Okay, well we know we want numbers. The screen settings was used
Speaker C: 0.5 times an hour. So twice every once every two hours. Um, and it was considered a 1.5 relevance on the scale of 10.
Speaker C: That's brightness color tone and all that.
Speaker A: I think most of that comes like on the individual television set itself, isn't that? I'm sure it has its own buttons, so it don't necessarily need to have it on remote. Yeah, and different televisions, like we, I don't
Speaker B: know if we can make a remote that will be universal to all the different kinds of
Speaker A: Yeah, so we're just going for power, channels, volume.
Speaker C: The other one was audio settings, mono stereo pitch. I mean, I sometimes use that. Some TVs will have the option of like living room style, movie style.
Speaker C: Yeah. And that they said that's used 0.8 times an hour, which is actually somewhat high, like almost once an hour.
Speaker C: Yeah, um, relevance of two.
Speaker B: Oh, we have five minutes to finish our media.
Speaker B: All right, yeah. Okay, um, let's do this fast.
Speaker B: Um, well that didn't come up on mind. Should we have audio?
Speaker D: It only comes up on mind usually.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't, it's a problem with the international appeal.
Speaker B: I think if we have audio because we don't know how other televisions work, but we know that everyone has this and it's the same.
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess it affects the marketing because it, it is a good sales point to say, aren't you annoyed with the remote controls that have all these buttons?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, that's it. And you can just go for it, make it a selling point that is just the basic. Yeah. All right.
Speaker B: All right. Good. And okay, in closing, because we'll be at five minutes, we'll be meeting again in 30 minutes.
Speaker B: Um, you'll be working, probably we'll be working on the look and feel design.
Speaker B: Wait a minute, is that right? Yep. And, um, the user interface design, so this is where the trendy stuff comes in and you'll be evaluating the product.
Speaker B: Um, Poppy and Tara will have to work together, zoom modeling clay, and um, your personal coach will give you the best of the information of what needs to happen. Okay. All right. So,
Speaker A: anyone else have something to say? Um, I just have one question about the whole fruit and vegetable aspect. Yeah. Are we seeing as that was the most popular thing that came up out of your market research? I think we should keep to that rather than moving to animals or something, because yeah, yeah. Even if that may not seem obvious to us, if that's what the surveys brought out, I think we should probably go along with that. Yeah. Um, so I suppose that I'll come out in our design development, but happy to go
Speaker C: ahead with the fruit. No, do you guys need one idea of how many, uh, are you gonna come over casing ideas? Yeah.
Speaker D: We're not five. What are you thinking? What do you think of this? Um, having the numbers kind of like, not a bunch of grapes, but you know, like purple and kind of in a triangle. Mm hmm. Like grape. Yeah, you can have some fun with the buttons. It's
Speaker C: true. Yeah. We can have a nice idea. Yeah. I guess ideally you kind of think of age markets as well. So, yeah. Something that will, you know, appeal to the 15 to 25 year olds, something that your granny would want on her remote control. Yeah. Yeah. And international taste as well.
Speaker B: A lot of things to consider. Lots of, all right. Okay. Yeah, we'll stick to the fruit veggie theme. All right. And, um, we'll reconvene in 30 minutes. Okay.
Speaker B: Thank you. I'll see you later.
Speaker B: Oh, what I just did.
