Speaker B: I'm not seeing that.
Speaker D: I have to open it up last year.
Speaker B: I already exist.
Speaker B: Do you want the places to come up now?
Speaker B: I should try to transfer it to my documents, but...
Speaker D: I have to close that window because that's the save one.
Speaker B: I have to spread it.
Speaker B: I'll just redo it.
Speaker B: I'll just redo it.
Speaker A: I'll put a tight bedding in.
Speaker A: It's almost curved, like up to the main display as well.
Speaker A: The little line at the bottom in the middle is the panel that you pull down, and the extra flash of the buttons are below that panel.
Speaker A: The stick on the bottom is the company no more.
Speaker C: I have an apple slash chain at the top.
Speaker D: I'll just have my face.
Speaker A: It's a bit more fun as me.
Speaker A: It's not really a defender.
Speaker A: You think Apple, you can completely attack Apple?
Speaker D: We might get a copy right here.
Speaker A: It's a phone.
Speaker C: I'll ask the neat.
Speaker A: It might...
Speaker A: It'll probably have to be labeled.
Speaker A: I couldn't have anything smaller to try.
Speaker C: I would just choose simple shapes for all of them.
Speaker A: The important ones are the volume ones.
Speaker A: We'll move them a bit bigger.
Speaker C: We'll separate off and color the volume-related buttons from the channel-based buttons.
Speaker C: You've got the volume and volume shown pretty like that.
Speaker B: All these things have cost implications.
Speaker B: When I've done my thing on cost, I had assumed that the only button that would be a different color would be the red apple button.
Speaker B: However, I've never thought I could have said that.
Speaker B: Yes, but there would be a cost implication on that.
Speaker B: I suppose that whether one of the colors would be open to debate.
Speaker B: I suppose.
Speaker A: What color would it be?
Speaker A: It wouldn't be too important, but we didn't have any white paper.
Speaker B: An important consideration.
Speaker B: Right, so the second one underneath would be the idea for the side-way.
Speaker B: Right, so we've got detailed design meeting.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So we've got prototype presentation, which we've just done.
Speaker B: Evaluation criteria and finance.
Speaker B: I guess we have to evaluate if that meets the various aspects that we're looking for from our previous meeting.
Speaker B: So other than the fact that it doesn't have the same layer, but obviously it would.
Speaker B: But other than that, we've got the red apple, we've got the buttons.
Speaker B: The only thing that's really changed is the coloration of the buttons.
Speaker B: But after the evaluation criteria is the finance.
Speaker B: And the cost allocation, the only scenario out this is that the cost is probably kind of important.
Speaker B: So, and then the production evaluation as to how easy that would be to manufacture.
Speaker B: And whether it would.
Speaker D: So if you had to do a presentation, we just become a prototype.
Speaker B: Right, so as far as the finance of it, whether you consider it, we would make sure that the cost, the production cost, because remember that was one of the first considerations, was to be in under 1250 or two and a half, 12 and a half euros.
Speaker B: So, there's no redesign.
Speaker B: So that should.
Speaker B: Right, so it seems to me that the thing that I have to do is.
Speaker C: Is quickly find that.
Speaker B: Okay, so by the fact that we've got.
Speaker B: Simple chip and the kinetic energy source.
Speaker B: We've got a single curved.
Speaker B: Case we've got a rubber.
Speaker B: Case materials supplements.
Speaker B: So we had decided that we're having rubber buttons and.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But the button supplements well originally I thought there would just be one in there because it was the one red apple.
Speaker B: But so the so the real.
Speaker B: The real question that we come in.
Speaker D: Do you make all the buttons.
Speaker B: So we've got one special button for which was the apple everything else is going to be a standard.
Speaker B: We've got special material rubber wood titanium etc.
Speaker B: So I was originally I was thinking what rubber wasn't special but according to this maybe it is.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: And I mean effectively we've got 16 buttons that we're going to have on there.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think you just do one.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: Is the sort of answer is that meant to be all 16 buttons and therefore.
Speaker B: I mean what's the up the option was maybe not to have rubber buttons.
Speaker B: But just to have the one that was.
Speaker B: Soft and spongy and therefore.
Speaker B: Whereas it would be the special color would be for the so you would only have the one special button that was rubber whereas the rest would be hard plastic.
Speaker D: I think the button supplements is just a supplement for all the buttons to be made in a different material.
Speaker B: Every design change is.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: If we just had all the buttons as standard except for the one red apple then that would take care of that I guess.
Speaker B: We'd have one special color and one special button for.
Speaker B: And when.
Speaker B: I plugged that in last time.
Speaker B: Remember it has to be under 12 and a half.
Speaker B: As far as I know that.
Speaker B: That took care of the of the various supplements.
Speaker B: And if who had.
Speaker D: It's on the bottom.
Speaker B: Okay, so but the point would be that if we.
Speaker B: If we just did special, sorry you were saying that it would be that one that you would put in one there.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So it was no it's 9.7 I've got.
Speaker B: Okay, so that would.
Speaker B: That would work out fine if.
Speaker B: Assuming your correction or assuming that one change covers all the buttons and that would be fine.
Speaker C: And there's nothing else as far as I can see that we would plan to.
Speaker C: And if we.
Speaker C: Okay, that gives us 12.7.
Speaker B: But remember that the idea was to keep it the color of the.
Speaker A: So just take out the special color for the apple and.
Speaker C: And go for a battery instead that would give you one less.
Speaker B: You reckon that I mean the thing is that you wanted to appeal to people and.
Speaker B: Not have to replace batteries.
Speaker C: Assist this is the whole technology type thing.
Speaker C: You're saying in the market that people like to have interesting gadgets and.
Speaker C: Whether they were bigger.
Speaker C: The sample sensor the sample speaker.
Speaker C: Or its recognition to be sort of a worthwhile thing to have.
Speaker C: And it's not the batteries or whether they were not.
Speaker C: You know what I mean?
Speaker C: The problem was the battery running out and losing the.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Which do you think or which do we think.
Speaker B: Is the more important of the options in a sense of the moment we've got a total which we need to reduce down by 1.2.
Speaker B: At least remember that was a minimum requirement the other option if we're planning on just going for something cheap and cheerful.
Speaker B: Would be to.
Speaker D: Make it an originally we're going to make it simple.
Speaker D: Show you evaluate the prototype as we've got it now.
Speaker D: First.
Speaker D: And then to make decisions about what needs to be changed.
Speaker D: Makes sense.
Speaker D: Have a little thing.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker B: Back up.
Speaker D: Presentation.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker A: I don't think.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: But remember the main the only reason we were planning on having device recognition was so that you could find the remote if it got lost.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: This is about the evaluation criteria that we use for the prototype we've got here.
Speaker D: So the method is that design team makes a prototype.
Speaker D: We evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we formulated.
Speaker D: And those ones are going to be in response to sort of market research.
Speaker D: And also finance.
Speaker D: I guess.
Speaker D: And do that on a scale from true being one.
Speaker D: A false being seven.
Speaker D: So it's now the June or false.
Speaker D: And that's four.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker D: I've got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as well.
Speaker D: At the end.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker D: We have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy.
Speaker D: Whether the product demonstrates technical innovation.
Speaker D: Whether it's easy to use.
Speaker D: Whether it's incorporating sort of the fashion elements to try to fire.
Speaker D: And whether it's sort of recognizable real reaction product.
Speaker D: And if you go up onto the whiteboard and do this apparently.
None: So.
None: I'll go up here.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So the first one is.
Speaker D: Does the product look and feel fancy?
Speaker D: So if you do this with one.
None: So.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: We have a single curve.
Speaker C: And maybe like the.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The other part is.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And we have the rubber kind of sponge.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: At the time.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So that's some fancy.
Speaker A: So I'd really give it there.
Speaker D: I think what is one false or is one true.
Speaker D: I forgot.
Speaker D: One's true.
Speaker D: And okay.
Speaker D: Seven is full.
Speaker D: Four is neutral.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker C: Maybe two.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because we haven't got the double curve.
Speaker A: So we'll call.
Speaker A: Go for one.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Almost everything.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I've got underneath.
Speaker D: So I've got some more space.
Speaker D: So false is seven.
Speaker D: True is one.
Speaker D: So say about two.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We're not maybe near three.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, it's just that.
Speaker B: I'm saying to me.
Speaker B: Remember that when you look down, we've got solar power.
Speaker B: But at various other things you could have.
Speaker B: And we're not going for these options.
Speaker D: This is just like the look.
Speaker D: Does it look fancy rather than functional?
Speaker D: So.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: So should we go for a two on that?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I mean, how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation?
Speaker C: We're deciding between the kinetic power or the speech recognition.
Speaker C: We had even those for our budget.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: So what about the prototype as it is?
Speaker D: We've got the speech recognition on it.
Speaker C: We're not the kinetic.
Speaker D: But not the kinetic power.
Speaker B: No, because you can't afford that.
Speaker B: We're too bad out to.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We can't afford both.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker E: Didn't know.
Speaker D: So it doesn't, it's pretty, the prototype as it is, isn't sort of fulfilling the...
Speaker C: No, no.
Speaker C: It's made by the choice.
Speaker C: It's got something that it has in that.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, we're in it.
Speaker B: In 13.7, we do have kinetic.
Speaker B: The problem is we have to reduce down from there to get it down to 12.5.
Speaker B: And one way of doing that would be to take out the kinetic.
Speaker B: So it's very much dependent on what you do with your options.
Speaker B: And if you're definitely going for the sample sensor and sample speaker, then...
Speaker B: Because the other functions we've got in are more...
Speaker B: The special material, the rubber, wood titanium, et cetera.
Speaker B: If you go for that, that's at the high end because that's.6.
Speaker B: Whereas down it, just special color is.2.
Speaker B: And you're trying to lose 1.2.
Speaker B: So it seems to me that if you're going for the sample sensor speaker, you're basically then having to go for the cheaper options on everything else.
Speaker B: And the simple way to do it would be to have a battery, to have your sample sensor speaker.
Speaker B: And then you're looking to take out.2, which would be...
Speaker B: Come from the button supplements category.
Speaker D: I'm just going to check exactly where it's said in the email for...
Speaker A: How much of the difference would it make if you made the case in plastic?
Speaker A: Because we did say that we don't want to follow the fashion too much.
Speaker A: But it's a rubber. That might be strange, you know.
Speaker B: So you could have an interface type, well, plastic rather than rubber.
Speaker B: That would make the cinema difference.
Speaker B: You could either... If you have it in plastic rather than rubber, then that would enable you to get.
Speaker B: You could keep kinetic then. You could keep your sample sensor.
Speaker B: You were looking to take out.2.
Speaker B: Or you could fiddle that down your special form at the bottom or your special colour at the bottom.
Speaker B: And that would enable you to do it.
Speaker C: So as soon as we make it slightly more fancy, then we use poison innovation.
Speaker C: If we make it more innovative, then we use poison.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: I just read the email again and it sort of says, it's evaluated the design sort of as it is I think.
Speaker D: So I think we need to think about finance after we've sort of evaluated that design.
Speaker D: I don't know whether we've done it in the wrong order or something.
Speaker B: Well, okay.
Speaker B: But...
Speaker A: I suppose it's rubber as it is.
Speaker B: It's rubber as it is, yes.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: I think this needs to go up a bit or something because we've got both the...
Speaker B: We've got... We've got 13.7 and we've got it in at the moment.
Speaker B: And basically we're going to reduce down from that.
Speaker B: But the current one you'd see would be fancy, would be two.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I'm for innovation.
Speaker D: So we've got the speech, the speech thing.
Speaker D: And...
Speaker B: I would have said about a two as well.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: I'm happy to do that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Now the next one is...
Speaker D: I'll have to get it back up now.
Speaker D: The next one...
Speaker B: Well, I can just sing about easy to use.
Speaker B: I would have said yes.
Speaker B: I would have said yes.
Speaker B: I would have go for a one on that at this point and two.
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, I would say so as well.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would say so as well.
Speaker B: And incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer.
Speaker B: Well, it certainly has some.
Speaker A: Yeah, I thought the chat was...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker D: I thought it was three, maybe.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'd say.
Speaker C: Yeah, it was doing it quite well.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And we can have to do some of these for the moment as it's kind of...
Speaker B: Yeah, I would have said two would seem reasonable.
Speaker B: The products are recognizable, real...
Speaker B: Yeah, reaction product.
Speaker C: The business has for using all of this...
Speaker C: All of this product, all of this money.
Speaker C: It's got a pretty big label on the bottom saying...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D:...that's what it comes from.
Speaker D: So this is about sort of the corporate image of like new sort of sleek technology.
Speaker D: And that sort of thing as well as having the logo on and all that.
Speaker D: So it's sort of...
Speaker D: Is it sort of a recognizable product?
Speaker D: Does it fit in with the art of other products which are sort of coffee makers and spacecraft?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: What's about the same speech?
Speaker A: Speech and the copyright issue?
Speaker C: As soon as it's kind of a sponge and roberiness is maybe the more kind of comfortable thing can sleep and...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's just what you like to do.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we're going for...
Speaker C: Two...
Speaker C: Three...
Speaker A: Well, the logo would be more recognizable on the actual thing.
Speaker A: It's just that the pen wouldn't be right on that.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: But I think the logo is definitely a recognizable and it does have...
Speaker A: Actually, it's that other product to do.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Three...
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: That's that decision.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So we're now on to changing it to get it to fit in with the budget requirements.
Speaker B: And then...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: What is...
Speaker A: What all of them does mean?
Speaker A: Do I add them up in the art style or anything?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think we sort of...
Speaker D: Add them up.
Speaker D: So sort of an average is going to be...
Speaker B: About a two.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker D: One point eight, isn't it?
Speaker D: I think anyway.
Speaker D: So yeah, pretty close to two.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So I mean, it's pretty good at the moment, but it's going to get worse, isn't it?
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker D: Try and make sure it doesn't get...
Speaker B: Two...
Speaker C: Two balance.
Speaker C: It's a 13.7.
Speaker C: It's a 13.7.
Speaker C: It's a 13.7.
Speaker C: It's a 13.7.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: It's a...
Speaker B: Well, you can lose 1.2.
Speaker B: And still meet.
Speaker B: Do you want to...
Speaker B: The requirement...
Speaker D: Get into your sort and get up there.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, I put it back on.
Speaker C: I guess this is the last stage, but it's also about the final.
Speaker C: I'm not sure.
Speaker D: So we'll probably have to leave it there.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we're not thought so.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Maybe just...
Speaker C: See how it lays together.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So what was it?
Speaker B: Control...
Speaker B: F8, wasn't it?
Speaker B: It's a...
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So you can see there that the...
Speaker B: If you want to keep kinetic, right, you've got a choice there.
Speaker B: Going down to battery, which would save you 1.
Speaker B: You've got...
Speaker B: The sample sensor and sample speaker, which is your big item.
Speaker C: Why should we just have a plastic case that we lose 2?
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker C: Which gets us...
Speaker C: Which gets you...
Speaker C: Like within the budget range.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Because that was just a trend.
Speaker A: And we do have the rubber buttons anyway.
Speaker C: So that's the one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And then we can make sure we definitely have all the buttons.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker D: Different colours.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I was thinking that because maybe the sort of rubber case is a bit less in sort of the corporate identity than the sort of the sleek, simplistic case.
Speaker E: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Now we're going to have some more time for the innovations.
Speaker C: We lose a little bit on...
Speaker C: Maybe...
Speaker B: So we're going for plastic, yes?
Speaker D: We lose a little bit on the fashion, yeah.
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker C: And now we know that we have plastic that's within the budget.
Speaker C: Do we actually have...
Speaker C: Do we just have one special...
Speaker C: Only these special forms down here?
Speaker B: Well, there was debate as to how you would count them.
Speaker B: You got special colour.
Speaker B: Well, originally I was assuming we had the red apple and therefore that was the special colour.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we should just imagine white buttons.
Speaker C: And we've got old buttons for another...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: We've got 0.8 lives, we've got a lot.
Speaker B: Well, we've got special form.
Speaker B: Now that would be one button and the question was, was that all buttons or is that just one button?
Speaker B: Because our plan really was to have one button only with the special.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So no matter how you look at that, that would be the same.
Speaker B: The other thing would then be special material rubberwood titanium.
Speaker C: I think maybe the special colour we've got three now, just because of the volume buttons, the diff and I guess we have one more sharp blue at the moment.
Speaker B: Alright.
Speaker B: So a special colour you want three in there.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think we should...
Speaker C: Yeah, that's probably fine for the plan.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: You just need two for special colours because it's just two supplements.
Speaker D: Yeah, one original colour and then two supplements.
Speaker D: I think maybe.
Speaker B: That makes sense.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's probably it.
Speaker D: So we only need two for that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: These are molded, the one colour is going to be molded out of a piece of plastic rubberwood.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'd agree with that, I think.
Speaker B: So special colours too.
Speaker B: We've got special form.
Speaker B: Is the one apple, the rest are all standard although you could argue that should maybe be...
Speaker B: You were making these buttons down the bottom, I was presuming bigger than the other ones or were you.
Speaker B: Was that the idea?
Speaker B: Yeah, the only ones.
Speaker C: Maybe that'd be a second step.
Speaker C: Yeah, but it's a second special form.
Speaker C: Uh-huh.
Speaker B: I would have thought that's probably about...
Speaker B: There you go.
Speaker B: Wow.
None: Okay, is that...
Speaker B: That's just the vehicle.
Speaker B: Right.
None: 12.2 so we're still...
None: We're in a genre.
Speaker D: Yep.
None: That makes sense.
Speaker C: So we'd say we've lost a little bit on the fashion and lost a bit on the fashion.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But Jim has been looking at the other rights piece.
Speaker B: I would have said so.
Speaker B: So you maybe put fashion...
Speaker B: Fashion at three rather than...
Speaker B: So should we do it?
Speaker D: Two.
Speaker C: Well, it definitely fits the...
Speaker C: The real product.
Speaker C: Was it?
Speaker C: Was it really?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Real reaction product.
Speaker B: I'm not quite sure what it's happening.
Speaker C: Yeah, it still seems that we've set that up so that's like a new age kind of...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker C: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a...
Speaker D: In a bit of fashion.
Speaker D: Maybe other ones could be...
Speaker D: Something else shaped.
Speaker D: I don't know, that would be possible.
Speaker D: You can see those things as it's cheaper to make them a different series.
Speaker D: You know, we've made it a special form so...
Speaker D: And that would sort of...
Speaker D: Maybe keep us...
Speaker D: Close on the sort of fashion type one.
Speaker D: And it would sort of...
Speaker D: You know, keep it quite fancy as well.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: You could argue you might do it once a year.
Speaker B: You would change.
Speaker B: Because at the moment you're making it a right apple.
Speaker B: right apple so next year you could make next year model the same but have it as a yeah whatever a lemon yeah a lemon lemon or something
Speaker D: yeah we got rid of we got rid of the plastic yeah we the main thing we've
Speaker B: changed really is the casing isn't it
Speaker C: yeah I think we've saved quite a bit so we've just got the pushburn interface which is might not achieve this yeah but maybe in a sense not having that maybe we lost something in the relation side you know and suppose that is like the most standard paper
Speaker D: back so we've got we've got rid of the rubber case but we've now we've now sort of got an extra form and an extra color for the buttons so maybe in terms of sort of fanciness and fashionability we're pretty much the same yeah maybe so maybe put two again
Speaker C: and everything else is stayed pretty much the same well ease is certainly stayed yeah because of anything the special
Speaker D: form is makes it slightly easier yeah yeah and what about the sort of innovation
Speaker C: we've still got the kinetic energy and the speech nature and then corporate identity I think we've got just by the same as maybe last as they it's hard to tell how the rubber
Speaker D: how we play out yeah whether that's considered to be sort of part of the corporate identity I don't know
Speaker C: it's maybe not I think more of the features of the actual control would be more important maybe than yeah either way I think we made it fairly close to what yeah okay
Speaker A: yeah do the whole thing in the kind of light but then what color would you like to ask
Speaker C: this is that maybe like that design issue
Speaker B: but you've got the company logo on there which would effectively be a stick on badge so you're in a sense you're comparing the product without the company logo and then but you've got the space for it to stick it on
Speaker D: what's the company color did you get told that the company color is
Speaker C: okay so you establish that I don't think so but but in the sense that as you saw
Speaker B: with the windows logo badge it doesn't really matter there's virtually the way that you frame you know the windows badge on there it really doesn't matter what color it is as long as our company's logo is framed in the same way as that with a like a black outline in fact they've got black and white or black and silver so basically even if you had a silver the same color of silver on your display because you've got effectively a double edging on the on the logo it means that it splits off what your logo is from the from the product and that's actually quite a sneaky way of doing it
Speaker D: because you've got sort of got point to play with if you really wanted to
Speaker B: you could put in another another color well in this one you've actually got three colors of buttons yeah we decided that the blue ones were the the standard color okay so you were talking about we are assuming that all the buttons on the second panel the hidden away that would all be standard yeah yeah which
Speaker D: may or may not be the case yeah true save the point to the possibility
Speaker B: well yeah but but was it was not a button that you were thinking of on the on the other option you know on the second page as it were that you were thinking of maybe having is a different color
Speaker A: maybe for the the one that can see all the time
Speaker C: they make it look good and um hit the kind of idea of what they want and then for more functional buttons and it works much better it's like it puzzles hidden away anywhere in the theater stuff yeah right it's a sort of thing that
Speaker D: I mean you want to pick up the control and just hit a button quickly to change the channel or volume so if it's dead obvious then that's fine but if you're opening the panel and you're looking and you're tuning then you're paying a bit more attention so maybe sort of different color buttons isn't so important all right okay yeah so we just
Speaker B: add that to profitability and effect yeah I mean
Speaker D: you still drop the cost right so we're meant to finish up in five minutes same sort of function yeah criteria it's all right just made a load of money
Speaker A: shouldn't we maybe lose a point of fashion for this thing because we've lost the world because it doesn't seem right about it just hasn't changed at all
Speaker D: I think we said that because you got rid of the bubble we put an extra an extra sort of shape on one of the buttons well we could have lemon shaped ones for the volume
Speaker C: more of those things
Speaker D: did you have to have a rubber case though for rubber buttons or was it the way
Speaker C: around?
Speaker B: so we're okay this way around until the design team comes in and says get up but you are the design team so what better we on to
Speaker A: I can't just check if that's a cherry or an apple we would decide against the apple because of apple because of apple pie and then we'll make it a cherry for sure
Speaker C: oh right okay just in case we need that point two for
Speaker B:Beats Oh, the rats have botched that all the time.
Speaker A: So, what we even put a certain target on that scale?
Speaker D: Oh, right, one vertical.
Speaker D: But it really has to fit into the budget, so...
Speaker D: I guess we just have to adjust things to get it in there.
Speaker D: Just try to?
Speaker C: And we seem to madly sum from each criteria.
Speaker C: Yeah, we haven't really left anything else, so...
Speaker C: Yeah, I think.
Speaker C: I was nervous, probably, which has to be quite cheap.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, do I have any help with this guy?
Speaker D: I don't know, it's only a chapter.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker B: Don't you?
Speaker B: No, what's on here?
None: Okay.
Speaker B: All right, okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, we've done the finance bit and the Excel project, and we've done the redesign, so we're now on to project process, satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means accessibility, or a digital plan, etc.
Speaker B: So, we're actually now, in a sense, on to the evaluation of the course, rather than the evaluation of the project, as I'm understanding of it.
Speaker B: So, what did you...
Speaker B: And remembering that nobody's system of the curtain.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker D: Finish on, please.
Speaker C: Which is good.
Speaker B: So, as I suppose the easiest way of doing it is to put some notes down, which I will do.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: So, I think I have to finish that page.
Speaker B: All right, okay.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: So, creativity, do you feel you've got a chance to express yourselves well enough?
Speaker D: I've got some of the divisions there between sort of the individual meetings
Speaker B: with the arbitrary individual meeting. How do you do India?
Speaker D: Well, we were finding out various things in your own.
Speaker D: In between the meetings, and the one meeting didn't always follow on for the other one.
Speaker D: So, things thrown in the second meeting where, you know, you've looked at the remote controls and seen the Coviness body.
Speaker D: And the first one you'd also look to some remote controls and look to the buttons.
Speaker D: And I don't understand why it would be a separate meeting.
Speaker D: But you'd do that, you know, you'd probably present it at one or something like that.
Speaker B: Well, the only thing you find is in a manufacturing process, you would normally go to a meeting, you'd say, right, you do this, you do that, you do that.
Speaker B: Then you go away, you find out information, you then come back, you then discuss it, you then go and change things around and then go back.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: Yes, listen to your words, you'd be going out and finding more information this time.
Speaker B: Well, as this time you're really getting from a database or so, it's not...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyway, so what do you want to do?
Speaker B: I've proved seem dorky, creativity seemed dorky, flow of information on any given subject.
Speaker B: Given subject, sometimes disjointed.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think it may be kind of been slightly more creative project, but the remote control isn't the most...
Speaker A: Yeah, the thing is...
Speaker A: No, I was just like, how do you design it?
Speaker A: I can't think of a better example, I would...
Speaker B: I could have used a different example to increase...
Speaker B: Yeah, is this creative?
Speaker C: Just a bit of something everyone knows about and then creativity, and then you can at least look at it.
Speaker B: You have to do it within a set timeframe as the other thing.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, I always think it's a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control.
Speaker D: It depends on the business you're in, I guess.
Speaker D: I mean, this one seems to have won.
Speaker D: On the website it looks quite innovative, but we're coming out with some bookish shop products, don't we?
Speaker D: That's the same thing.
Speaker C: It's a deep grid.
Speaker C: It's not like a range of products.
Speaker C: I think...
Speaker C: I guess this is going to sign out in the like a piece.
Speaker B: But the other thing is that, I mean, I'm guessing that they're trying to use this software to demonstrate how you could do a project.
Speaker B: I mean, my wife at the moment, for instance, is acting as a computer for...
Speaker B: Normally, you've got a problem, so you go to your tutor and find out information to see how to get it fixed.
Speaker B: So what she's doing is she's having to spend a day at the computer terminal at one end so that any student that comes along can ask whatever question.
Speaker B: And then you are the idea is that the whichever persons at the other end can point them in the right direction, and should have either give them directly, give them help, or secondly point them in the right direction, either at the library or come back or go and see job logs or whatever.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: And that was a project I suspect similar to this, because they were actually trying to debug the computer software to enable it to work.
Speaker B: And of course, you had machine crashing and various things going from...
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: All right, so we've got...
Speaker D: I mean, if you look at their products on their website here, real reaction, it's all pretty high tech cutting edge.
Speaker B: You ideas found? Did we find any? No.
Speaker C: So, how do I do with this, the whiteboard, how the non-digital pen is placed?
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Leadership.
Speaker B: Teamwork.
Speaker D: So we did find any idea, means, the kinetic remote control.
Speaker D: I don't see one of them before.
Speaker D: They're all batteries I think.
Speaker C: All voice recognition, especially not one with...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: You've got voice recognition computers.
Speaker B: Well, it's not remote control.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: What's a different application there?
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And it's just like the same products, but it's put together in a different one.
Speaker B: So, how do you reckon teamwork went?
Speaker D: I would have, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess we all had such ideas.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Two, er, go...
Speaker B: Reason, I'm playing...
Speaker B: Well, okay.
Speaker D: I don't think sort of the putchet...
Speaker D:...um...
Speaker D:...allow just to do anything.
Speaker B: But arboring?
Speaker D: Well, I mean, I don't think it...
Speaker D: I don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products.
Speaker D: I've got all these sort of high definition DVD and portable seven inch lightweight computer screens.
Speaker D: I think one cheap remote control does really fit in.
Speaker B: So, we're meant to comment on leadership and means E.G. Whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera.
Speaker B: And new ideas found was the other thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: We can't really...
Speaker A:...all fail to comment on leadership because we want to project manage our new...
Speaker A:...so our experience in leadership wasn't really as much as yours.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now, I'm much more...
Speaker B:...filling like it.
Speaker B: But...
Speaker B:...I certainly didn't get this computer to work as well as I would have liked.
Speaker B: However...
Speaker B:...right, means so Whiteboard, so really it's equipment.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: It worked.
Speaker D: Yeah, it worked.
Speaker D: Yeah, it worked.
Speaker D: It could be a bit difficult at times.
Speaker D: I mean, I don't...
Speaker A:...I'm not sure I see the value in these.
Speaker A: I mean, they record what you write in and then what to do with it.
Speaker A: Where do you get the recording?
Speaker A: Do you...
Speaker A:...computers or something?
Speaker D: It's a little...
Speaker C:...it's not just for us, it's for these families.
Speaker D: It's a little chip I think you're just plugging into something else.
Speaker A: It's like...
Speaker A:...producer.
Speaker A:...producer.
Speaker A:...producer.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I've produced the game, so everything you've written or something.
Speaker D: No, you have to pay.
Speaker B: New ideas found, so one or two?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Kinetic powered remote control.
Speaker D: What was it, the one?
Speaker A: Voice.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: What was your thing?
None: Right, word.
None: And...
Speaker B:...voice.
Speaker B:...voice.
Speaker B: With a voice activated.
Speaker D: Voice recognition.
Speaker D:...reconation.
Speaker D:...almost.
Speaker D:...in this...
Speaker B:...
Speaker B:...in this summary of any celebration?
Speaker B: That's good.
Speaker D: I think that you've got two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B:...we don't...
Speaker B:...so really...
Speaker B: I tried to save this last time at 12.3 and it doesn't seem to have saved anywhere.
Speaker B: Mind you, the figure last time was different, but...
Speaker B:...it should be both.
