None: Are we not allowed to do the lights?
Speaker C: Are we not allowed to do the lights?
Speaker C: I might be standing up there.
Speaker B: So we've got both of these clipped on.
Speaker B: She can only see me.
Speaker B: Yeah, both of them.
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: God.
Speaker B: I'm just going to fall off.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Hello everybody.
Speaker C: I'm Sarah, Project Manager.
Speaker C: And this is our first meeting.
Speaker C: It's a present meeting.
Speaker C: Okay, this is our agenda.
Speaker C: We will do some stuff, get to know each other a bit better, and then we'll go do chill training, talk about the Project Plan, discuss our own ideas and everything.
Speaker C: And we've got 25 minutes to do that as far as I can understand.
Speaker C: Now we're developing remote control, which you probably already know.
Speaker C: We want it to be original, something that people haven't thought of as it's not out in the shops.
Speaker C: It's a trendy, appealing to a wide market, but not a hunk of metal.
Speaker C: And user-friendly, granny to kids, maybe even coaches should be able to use it.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: First is the functional design.
Speaker C: This is where we all go off into our individual work.
Speaker C: What needs need to be fulfilled by the product, what effect the product has to have, and how it's actually going to do that.
Speaker C: Conceptual design, what we're thinking, how it's going to go, and then the detailed design, how we're actually going to put it into practice and make it work.
Speaker C: Okay, right.
Speaker C: We're going to practice with the pens and draw our favorite animal on the whiteboard, agrofers, and sum up the characteristics of that animal.
Speaker C: So, okay.
Speaker C: I'll just space for everyone else.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: We're running it, please.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'm not going to ask you to guess.
Speaker C: I'm going to tell you that it's supposed to be a tiger.
Speaker C: And I see them as majestic and independent and proud.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: We'd like to go next.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: This is from.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker D: Maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make.
Speaker B: I can't talk.
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker D: It's actually sitting.
Speaker D: So, it's sitting.
Speaker D: It's not standing.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I see it as one thing.
Speaker D: It's very supportive.
Speaker D: It's your best friend in your.
Speaker D: You can talk to a dog.
Speaker D: It can be a best friend.
Speaker D: It doesn't discriminate between you.
Speaker D: Second, it's loyal.
Speaker D: And third thing, it's got intuition.
Speaker C: It's a good dog.
Speaker B: Please leave me a space at the bottom, I'm little.
Speaker B: We're standing on a chair.
Speaker A: Since you guys have chosen the ones I wanted to do.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I have to go to the same.
Speaker A: And also my drawing scale isn't that great.
Speaker C: Well, as you can see, the quality of the work today.
Speaker A: I think it's outstanding.
Speaker A: We're good.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Now I'm going to have to change what it was originally going to be because that looks like a beak now.
Speaker B: Crocodile.
Speaker A: Yeah, it can be a crocodile.
Speaker A: It can be a crocodile.
Speaker A: Well, it was, it was a firstly, it was an attempt at a T-Rex.
Speaker A: And then it sort of changed into a pelican, but it can be a crocodile.
None: That's lovely.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: And I have to think on the spot of things that it is.
Speaker A: Scary.
Speaker A: Strong.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's bad.
Speaker B: I'm very impressed with your artistic skills.
Speaker B: Minds are dreadful.
Speaker B: Oops, this is now coming apart.
Speaker B: I just put the top in.
Speaker B: I'll hold it on.
Speaker B: Oops.
Speaker B: Oh, dear.
Speaker B: What happened there?
Speaker C: Technical help.
Speaker B: Hopefully that'll stay on.
Speaker B: Two-handed version.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Again, this is off the top of my head.
Speaker B: I was going to do a big cat too.
Speaker B: Oh, dear.
Speaker B: It's not a vampire bat, honestly.
Speaker B: And somewhere there's a body behind.
Speaker A: That's wonderful.
Speaker A: That's the worst.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's meant to be an eagle.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: You can tell it's a flying animal.
Speaker B: Could have been a seagull.
Speaker B: I never thought of a seagull.
Speaker B: I'm thinking on my feet, goodness.
Speaker B: I suppose they're also independent.
Speaker B: I'll put that one down again.
Speaker B: Dead end.
Speaker B: Independant, right?
Speaker B: Did you say they're good at golf?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Are they?
Speaker A: Oh, right.
Speaker B: I'm not good at golf.
Speaker B: I'll say they're quite free spirited.
Speaker B: Flying around everywhere.
Speaker B: Doing their own thing.
Speaker B: And birds of prey, aren't they?
Speaker B: Oh, dear.
Speaker B: Intrepid.
Speaker B: Intrepid.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker B: I hope that pen is going to be okay.
Speaker B: Whoops.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Finance wise, we've got a selling price at 25 euros, which I don't actually know what that is sometimes at all.
Speaker C: Any ideas?
Speaker C: 17.
Speaker D: 1.4 euro would make a little bond or something.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, it's something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah, about 17.
Speaker A: 17.
Speaker A: 17 pounds.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Should we be making notes with this?
Speaker B: We can just refer to this later.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker C: I'd be able to put that up.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I haven't shared folders.
Speaker A: Having said that, though, if you want to get one of those, the ones on the market at the moment, they're about 20 pounds anyway.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We have to buy one.
Speaker B: So I suppose later it depends if we want to undercut the price.
Speaker B: Or is it going to make our product look a cheapy cheapy option?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So we have a production cost at 12.50.
Speaker C: So the huge margin.
Speaker C: Half of the selling prices.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Taking that by building it.
Speaker C: And profit aim is 15 million euros, which is a...
Speaker B: In our first year.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I presume so.
Speaker B: You've got market range international, and you did to see earlier, it's got to be accessible and usable by sort of all age groups.
Speaker B: Just we're not focusing on business market, any particular thing.
Speaker B: It's everyone, user-friendly to everyone.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Big target group.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't think we have to...
Speaker C: I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Making that key point.
Speaker C: Just that it's going to be in the international market, like, Australia, America, things like that.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: What are your experiences with remote controls?
Speaker C: I mean, we got...
Speaker C: We had three videos, a TV, and a sort of AMP thing all set up.
Speaker C: So we got one of the universal remote controls.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And you program each of your things into, but that kept losing the signals, so we'd have to reprogram it every now and again.
Speaker C: I think it was quite a cheapy as well.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So that might have had fun to do with it, but that was quite good about the E-coup.
Speaker A: You saw the ones that didn't have them.
Speaker C: You didn't have six remote controls in front of you.
Speaker D: You want to include everything into one, like...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: My experience has only been given the remote control with the object I buy, not doing any tampering with it and programming, using it to program TV videos and things.
Speaker B: But basically on, off, volume, up and down, channel one to that basic function, I don't think I could go any further with it than that.
Speaker B: So I suppose it's got to be something usable by someone like me as well.
Speaker C: Yeah, the main... that's the main stuff anyway.
Speaker C: I mean...
Speaker C: And you don't want to... I hate... I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do and just sitting there searching for the daily text button
Speaker B: and just symbols that you don't necessarily understand, symbols you're meant to understand that you don't.
Speaker C: So, when you've got the main things on the front of it, and a section opens up or something, to the other functions when you can do sound or options kind of recording, things like that inside it, because it doesn't make... when you pick it up, it doesn't make it really complicated to look at it.
Speaker C: Obviously, yes, on your day. Actually, that just raises a point.
Speaker B: I wonder what our design people think.
Speaker B: But you know on a mobile phone, you can press the key and it gives you a menu.
Speaker B: It's got a menu display. I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful.
Speaker B: So you've got a little LCD display.
Speaker D: I was thinking on the same lines, you... instead of having too many buttons and make it complicated for the user, maybe have an LCD display or something like that, like a mobile?
Speaker D: With menus.
Speaker B: With menus.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And if it's somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone, people might find it easier to browse and navigate elsewhere.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: What about the older generation? What about granting granddads?
Speaker C: I don't understand.
Speaker C: My granddads can answer his mobile phone.
Speaker C: You can't even dream of texting or something like that.
Speaker B: Can he program his remote controller? Is he basic with that too?
Speaker C: I don't think they'd hate to.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: My granddads are better than me using tablet tags, right?
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: So that's the problem regardless of any design modifications you come up with.
Speaker B: That's going to be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps.
Speaker B: And that's another issue I would tackle that.
Speaker A: Why? It just needs to be... as long as it's sort of self-intuitive and you can work out why everything's doing.
Speaker A: Because I mean menus on sort of neat phones now, they've got all these pictures and stuff which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do.
Speaker B: I don't know how...
Speaker C: I don't know how.
Speaker C: I don't like the new phones that kind of got a Windows based running system.
Speaker C: I find it really confusing. I kept getting lost in the phone.
Speaker C: I have not got a new one but my friend got a new one and I was trying to do things with it.
Speaker C: And I just kept getting lost but that's just neat.
Speaker A: I don't know how for 25 or 12 euros 50 how much of an excellent screen you could get.
Speaker A: You'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white LCD thing in your...
Speaker B: Is it possible that for the older generation you could have an extra button that you press for a large print like you do in large print books?
Speaker B: Obviously it displays less on the screen. It displays less on the screen but as long as they can read it that's the main thing.
Speaker C: Yeah. Or a broadband kind of a dual function in that you've got the basic buttons just for your play volume program things.
Speaker C: And also a menu to go into with obvious pictures, obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that.
Speaker B: The other thing is just tucking into mobile phone design features again. You could have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top your screen is...
Speaker B: You can have a bigger screen in the flip over.
Speaker C: I think that's a cost thing. I don't know how much we're going to know about.
Speaker D: It might save a bit of space instead of looking bulky it might look small.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But it might have these cost implications.
Speaker B: There's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone. It can still be lightweight plastic.
Speaker B: Something that's easily molded and produced. Sorry I'm treading on your territory guys.
Speaker C: Right. Okay. We've got half there for the next meeting so we're all going to go off and do our individual things.
Speaker C: I think that's probably about it and then we'll come back in the A's again and I get to do another fantastic print presentation.
Speaker A: Just a quick thing about the... What you're saying about the... Doesn't need to be fashionable.
Speaker A: So I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the... We put the fashion into electronics.
Speaker A: I really do that.
Speaker A: I think the whole design thing might be...
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: You can still have plastic and it looks quite good.
Speaker B: Yeah. I mean it doesn't have to be... That was my main point. We don't have to use metal. I don't know if using plastic does make it cheaper.
Speaker B: I would.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean the sky remote controls have to be kind of molded and look a bit different than the telly west remote controls.
Speaker C: So silver plastic looks a bit lighter.
Speaker C: So yeah, I guess that's a second.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So let's break it up there.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So see you in half now.
Speaker B: Do we go back to our room?
Speaker C: Yeah.
None: Okay.
