Speaker C: Excellent. So I sent you the agenda that was in the project document, I don't know if you've got a chance to just have a look at it.
Speaker C: Anyway, the meeting is going to follow more or less the same structure as last time, so we'll go around each of you in turn and you can give your presentations on what you've been up to.
Speaker C: And at the end of that we need to discuss what you've come up with so that we can make a decision on the key remote control concepts.
Speaker C: So that's we need to know about the components, properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the marketing expert has been watching.
Speaker C: Okay, do you understand again? Okay. I've got 40 minutes.
Speaker A: So I haven't played a PowerPoint. We have a bit of a passion.
Speaker A: I thought I'll use the whiteboard instead.
Speaker A: I'll put that back in and go down.
Speaker A: Okay, so basically I'll start off by, I thought I'll use the whiteboard because we have so many different options.
Speaker A: And what we can do is that we can start rubbing off the options that we do not require.
Speaker A: I'm putting in the options that are more highlighted and aligning them or something like that.
Speaker A: Okay, so I'll start again with a brief introduction to that anyway.
Speaker A: Brief introduction to the insides of a mode control and then we can probably discuss the various components.
Speaker A: Okay, so what you see here is this is the outside of the remote.
Speaker A: If you open it, you have a circuit board here.
Speaker A: And this is the chip that I was talking about last time.
Speaker A: This basically sends information to a transistor here, which then sends the information to an LED device here.
Speaker A: If you flip the printed circuit board, and this is the most important point here, everything else is kind of.
Speaker A: Okay, so if you flip the circuit board, this is what it looks like.
Speaker A: So you see, for example, a particular button attaches to a particular place on the PCB.
Speaker A: And on pressing this button, a circuit completes.
Speaker A: The information goes to the chip, which is somewhere here, and the chip then translates the code into an infrared radiation, which goes out through there.
Speaker A: So the important point that I read over the website was that the configurations of these printed circuit boards are quite too many.
Speaker A: You can get them printed as you want to.
Speaker A: So we can have a configuration irrespective of the cost the way we want to have it.
Speaker A: So that's the important point here.
Speaker A: So these are the different options that we have.
Speaker A: Okay, so the batteries, I'll start with the battery.
Speaker A: So they can be simple, which is like the normal batteries in our results.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: These are the kind of different kinds of batteries that the company makes.
Speaker A: So hand dynamos.
Speaker A: Does that mean like a wind up one?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I don't know if you want to consider this, but these are the different things that the company makes.
Speaker A: So they'll come internally from the company.
Speaker A: They'll be cheaper.
Speaker A: All these options.
Speaker A: So the third one is the kinetic energy one.
Speaker E: You can make the hand dynamo into an exercise bike and then people could exercise walls, watching TV and charging the remote.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: And still worrying about the whole RSI.
Speaker A: It's a good option.
Speaker A: So what was the kinetic energy one?
Speaker A: The kinetic energy one is that they're usually in modern watches since our hand keeps moving.
Speaker A: It keeps the watch ticking.
Speaker A: But I don't know if it is a good idea for a remote control because it'll just lie there for a long while sometimes.
Speaker A: As soon as you pick it up, it moves and then again it recharges or something.
Speaker A: And the fourth option is the solar cells, which are also made by the company.
Speaker A: Environment friendly.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So I'll enlist things and then we can come back and discuss what we think from everybody's perspective.
Speaker A: There are different cases that can be provided.
Speaker A: They can be basically the shape of the cases.
Speaker A: They can be flat.
Speaker A: They can be curved with one sided curved and one sided flat.
Speaker A: And they can be curved with on both the sides.
Speaker A: These are the three options.
Speaker D: I mean, this would be like the overall shape of the remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Would it be flat on both the sides?
Speaker A: Would it be curved from one side?
Speaker A: There are different kinds of supplements available.
Speaker A: Like it can be in plastic, rubber, wood or titanium.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Would you say woah?
Speaker B: Wood?
Speaker B: Wood.
Speaker E: Oh.
Speaker E: It can be remote.
Speaker A: Yeah, you understand why when we get to work with it.
Speaker A: So we can use even, titanium is also used in the company to make some space design equipment.
Speaker A: So it's kind of, it'll be probably nicer to use because it relates to the overall image of the company.
Speaker A: But it cannot be used on a double curved surface.
Speaker A: If you choose this, we cannot use titanium.
Speaker A: For these two, we can use titanium, wood, rubber or plastic.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: The interface options now.
Speaker A: So we can have push buttons like most remote do.
Speaker A: And our company is an expert in making push buttons.
Speaker A: We can have scroll wheels like the ones on mouse pointer.
Speaker E: And the...
Speaker A: So do you actually have a phone?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Something like that.
Speaker A: So, and they have, they can even have an integrated push button inside the scrolling.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: The scroll plus push.
Speaker A: So this is something that has been recently developed by the company in the last decade.
Speaker A: So not too recent.
Speaker A: And LCDs.
Speaker A: We can have LCDs.
Speaker A: These two are recent.
Speaker A: And this is quite old.
Speaker A: The various electronic options are...
Speaker A: So this concerns first of all the chips I showed you that...
Speaker A: So there is a chip behind this one, right?
Speaker A: The PCB is inexpensive.
Speaker A: So we can put in whatever we want.
Speaker A: But the various integrated circuit options are...
Speaker A: We have either a simple one or a regular or advanced.
Speaker A: And the price goes up as we go down, obviously.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So the good thing about why we would want to use advanced...
Speaker A: Why we might want to use advanced is that LCDs can only come with the advanced chip.
Speaker A: We need regular or advanced for scroll wheels.
Speaker A: And the chip basically includes the infrared sender.
Speaker A: Besides this, under electronics, also the company has started making a sample sender, which did not explain what it was.
Speaker A: But I'm guessing that...
Speaker A: So they have a sample sender and a sample speaker.
Speaker A: So I'm guessing that the sample speaker is probably something like, you know, as soon as you press a button, it gives you feedback.
Speaker A: One, five or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah, on.
Speaker A: And I don't know whether a sample sender has to do something with voice recognition or not.
Speaker A: But anyway, so these are the different options that we have.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So that's basically...
Speaker A: Now I think that we can integrate the user interface and the marketing things in that...
Speaker A: To keep taking out things from this and underlining things that are important.
Speaker C: Excellent.
Speaker C: Do you want to stay somewhere near the board so that if we need to...
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker C: You can sit down, but just...
Speaker C: We might need you to leap up.
Speaker D: What do you have now?
Speaker D: I have some PowerPoint here.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Can these pens give you a cancer overhand?
Speaker E: I suppose we'll come in and click in and say...
Speaker A: Yeah, it should do it.
None: Right.
Speaker C: Interface concept.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: To be honest, actually, I mentioned some of the things which could fit under this talk.
Speaker D: This time I mentioned the more ID in the previous talk.
Speaker D: So, yeah, this time I might not have them on the slides, but I can just mention them again.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So I thought I would also include the definition of using interface.
Speaker D: So it's the aspects of a computer system or a program which can be seen by the user.
Speaker D: And which the mechanism that the user uses to control is operation and input data.
Speaker D: So this would include things like shape and size and buttons and voice recognition as well and color and so on.
Speaker D: The method I employed this time was again having a look to related products and mainly on the internet.
Speaker D: Then analyzed them from the point of view of user friendliness and also whether their appearance was pleasant.
Speaker D: And then this can help us to decide which reaches we want to incorporate in our product.
Speaker D: So some findings.
Speaker D: So in the case of many user interfaces, they are just so full of buttons that it's actually hard to find the ones you really want to use.
Speaker D: And it's just confusing.
Speaker D: It takes time to learn.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And I thought I would just quickly show some of them that I found.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Some of them are here.
Speaker D: The picture is not very clear.
Speaker D: But as you can see there are actually, oh, oh, sorry for that.
Speaker D: Let's go back.
Speaker D: Oh, please.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So yeah, they are quite big and have many, many buttons.
Speaker D: Actually, all these I personally prefer this one because it's the smallest and with least with the smallest number of buttons.
Speaker D: And I would say even the appearance of some of them is kind of not so nice.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So let's carry on with this.
Speaker D: So other findings.
Speaker D: Some new things used.
Speaker D: Some of them were mentioned already by our technical designer.
Speaker D: Our own company has developed a new user interface.
Speaker D: Wait.
Speaker D: No, this is not the one.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: There is a, we can include voice recognition and it allows.
Speaker D: It's possible to record 80 different voice samples on it.
Speaker D: So this one was already mentioned, the LC display.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Another new development is a scroll button, which was also also already mentioned.
Speaker D: And our own manufacturing division has designed a new programmable speech.
Speaker D: Sorry, a speaker unit, I guess it should be.
Speaker D: And this means that once it comes together with a voice recognition, but it's once the, once the, it recognizes the voice of the speaker, there can be a pre-programmed answer.
Speaker D: For example, you can pick up the remote control and say something to it like hello and it says hello and your name or whatever.
Speaker D: So, I mean, this is also one of the new developments which we might consider if we wanted to.
Speaker A: Sorry, can you go back for a second?
Speaker A: Are you sure what this means, the spinning wheel with the LC display?
Speaker C: It's like the, like you said, no, the scroll button.
Speaker D: No, no, the scroll button is a different thing.
Speaker D: I have a picture if you, just a moment, I'll show you.
Speaker D: I wasn't completely sure myself, but I think it's just like, it's a wheel, it's like not separate buttons.
Speaker D: Look, this one here, but I'm not really sure whether you can really turn it around.
Speaker D: It's like a press this or this.
Speaker E: It's like, you know how you have your mouse and you go around and it's kind of like that and you spin around and it's okay.
Speaker A: So instead of going down, you just spin.
Speaker E: You just go around and it's a bit weird at first, but it's actually very fast.
Speaker E: Like the wheels that click on the side, you get a much slower set.
Speaker E: It's quite good if you're like searching quite a lot of stuff.
Speaker E: So, you know, if you're looking, you're scrolling through the A to Z and you're looking for something at T, then it's a lot faster than the wheel, but you've got a lot less control over it.
Speaker A: I think that you include that here as well as CVs plus spinning.
Speaker D: Okay, and the personal preference is pretty much the same as last time.
Speaker D: It has to be a small, simple, okay, we decided to include voice recognition.
Speaker D: So, the standard major buttons like gone off, the channels and then volume, and then there will be menu on the screen.
Speaker D: And I also thought if we want to put small and nice, and actually I quite like the idea of a scrolling button, with voice like, I don't know, like on the movements or something.
Speaker D: I think there is no reason why we couldn't do something like this for the remote control.
Speaker D: So, yeah, that's it. That's it. Excellent.
Speaker C: Okay, straight to trains and then we can discuss it all at once.
Speaker B: I can't wait. I have a little bit of a nice, and a little bit of a quick difference.
Speaker B: Yeah, if you're too good by stealing it.
Speaker B: No, no, no, no.
None: It's not the same thing.
None: No, no, no, no.
Speaker B: No, no, no.
None: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
None: Oh, no, no, no.
Speaker B: Okay, cool.
Speaker E: What I always do is search the inserts, come up with market trends, and you know what users are going to be wanting in the near future.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So, the first aspect is about only twice as important as the second aspect, which is twice as important as the third aspect.
Speaker E: So, I mean, the easy to use thing is fairly low down on there, which I think given the target group is what you would expect.
Speaker E: You know, people want something new, something technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the LCDs and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition is like quite a thing to go for.
Speaker E: And yeah, it would still look funny.
Speaker A: So, maybe as you're discussing things, is it okay if we just keep highlighting things there?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: So, so, so, so, so, so probably voice recognition is kind of important, right?
Speaker A: Maybe the LCD and spinning.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay, I have a point about LCD, I don't know if it is the right point to take it up.
Speaker A: LCDs are basically for feedback, right, to the user who is pressing buttons, and the feedback can come through the television itself, so do we need a hand sitting on the remote?
Speaker E: It depends how fast your television runs really, don't you think?
Speaker E: I only have one of those, tell you where spot is, and you put the number in the remote, and then you wait, and then it goes to the TV, and then you wait, and then it comes, so it actually takes quite a long time.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker E: So, if you get the number wrong, then it's a bit of a pain, so I think, you know, a screen on the remote would probably get down the time of that, but like, the roads do tend to get thrown about a bit.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker C: It is also quite nice, though, to have something here so you don't interrupt the picture on the screen, so if you're watching something.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker E: I think it would be like, I mean, if you can make it integrate with the TV, then it can come up with your information about what's on, and you could just see that on the remote
Speaker C: rather than having to interrupt your viewing pleasure.
Speaker E: But I think maybe a way to do it would be a similar way to how you have your mobile phone, you know, like you have the slide you want, and you have the flip you want, and then the screen is protected, so it doesn't actually get scratched, so you can have like, what looks like a normal remote control, you know, or like a minimalist remote control, so you got your buttons one to nine, you're on and off, and your volume on that, and then if you want to mess about it, you flip it open, and, yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So we seem to have a consensus that LCDs are definitely the way to go because of style,
Speaker E: and yeah, so that kind of decides your whole chip thing.
Speaker A: Right. You agree?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, okay.
Speaker A: LCDs.
Speaker A: Definitely.
Speaker A: Go on.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Apparently, these are vegetables we'll be providing inspiration, so I discovered your part.
Speaker E: So these will be an important feature for clothes, shoes, and furniture.
Speaker E: So, I mean, I'm taking this to mean, you know, carviness, you know, because you don't tend to get flat vegetables, you know, possibly even uneven, like, a bit of asymmetry and stuff, but that would be a good way to get in the whole RSI issue in the videos.
Speaker E: I mean, if you think most people use the remote control with their right hand, right hand, so you want to, you can't have it so that it's too small for you to use your right hand.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I'm not quite sure about the relevance of material will be spongy.
Speaker C: Something a bit squishy.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: We have.
Speaker A: It'd be like a robbery.
Speaker A: We have a robbery.
Speaker A: But, I think it's a good case with using.
Speaker E: Well, I suppose you wouldn't get a remote control.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And it'd help if you drop it, to protect it as well.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, if we use latex cases, they won't allow us to use solar cells as an emergency.
Speaker A: We could use titanium, food, or plastic.
Speaker C: Or if we want to use the latex, then we have to go with one of the other.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: We'll have a nice show.
Speaker E: We could get the kinetic energy fairly easily there.
Speaker C: From down to down.
Speaker C: You can have it as like a little bald.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, yeah.
Speaker A: So, probably double curved surfaces the way to go.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So, we're curved at one end and flat on the top, because I'm not sure if it is flat on both the sides, then how much easy would it be to reach for buttons, etc.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It depends on the whole.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's like how you put your hand on a single side curve.
Speaker A: Single side curve, double side curve does not say too much does it?
Speaker E: No, I don't think it makes a lot of difference.
Speaker E: I have one of those slidey bones and the back is essentially straight, but it's curvy.
Speaker E: Besides, you have four sides to a thing.
Speaker E: I think it's curved.
Speaker E: One side means one side is straight.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: And curved two sides means the whole thing is just a big curvy thing.
Speaker A: Did it say anywhere in your research material about the sliding stuff?
Speaker A: Because according to the information that I have, I think the only options that we have with the case is that we used to be.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We either have a black surface to the case or a curved surface case.
Speaker A: It does not say anything about whether technically this stuff is available at all.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's more about the protection of the LCD.
Speaker E: We have one of the keys where it came on.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: My research didn't tell me anything, which is why we have all the pictures.
Speaker E: That's what I had to do with my time.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Cool.
Speaker E: What have we got?
Speaker E: Combined style with a level of functionality, beauty and practicality.
Speaker E: And a piece of functionality.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: So, looking at what we've got, we want to now set it up to display with a spinning wheel.
Speaker A: Let's try to rub off things.
Speaker A: Rub off some of those.
Speaker A: So, hand dynamics are definitely out, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's not streamlined and sexy having a wind up.
Speaker A: Um, kinetic energy does seem to have some kind of a appeal, but...
Speaker A: It's rather practicality really, isn't it?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: As against a watch, which constantly keeps moving, this thing will have to be tapped every time, which might be very frustrating for the user.
Speaker C: Depends how much movement it really needs.
Speaker B: I don't have to mention that.
Speaker C: Presumably, if they're suggesting it, then we could use it.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Let's keep it off.
Speaker A: I'll keep it off.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Um, the flat, completely flat case is definitely out, right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It has to be removed from one side.
Speaker A: Not vegetable.
Speaker A: Um, okay.
Speaker A: We still have all the options.
Speaker A: What do you think would be very...
Speaker D: What is...
Speaker D: I can't...
Speaker D: How do you...
Speaker D: I mean, you can't keep it really small.
Speaker D: You can't make it like thin and...
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I would think because you need to put all the technology in.
Speaker D: So, I mean, if the case, you had the case.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: If it is really...
Speaker A: If it is really...
Speaker A: If it is really thin, it's like you to break.
Speaker A: It's like it's much more...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Given that we're looking at more spongy material preferences, would think maybe rubber or plastic as well.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's true.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's not a practical...
Speaker E: I mean, it's right for a table, but for a micro control, you know?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And splinters and stuff.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: What is that?
Speaker D: It doesn't make any sense, I think.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: In the case of remote control, remote really.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Now for the really interesting stuff, the interface.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, the push buttons is our expertise in the industry.
Speaker A: But it seems to be out of trend, you know, no big thing.
Speaker E: Yeah, but I have some push buttons.
Speaker D: I think for the channel numbers, you still need them, wouldn't you?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, for channel numbers...
Speaker A: If you have LCD displays that opens up a whole world, you know, if you have an LCD display, then you can select almost everything on the LCD display.
Speaker D: Yeah, but I think the LCD display is kind of...
Speaker D: Yeah, it's faster with...
Speaker D: And when we discuss that, we might like the flipping open thing.
Speaker D: I mean, you can use it as a normal remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But if you do want to use LCD, then you flip it open, but it's more time consuming.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think this is going back to the graph at the beginning that I made, where, you know, the buttons, the people use all this honey on buttons for them.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: And everything else.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Many don't.
Speaker A: So, in the buttons we have, for the channels also, we have options.
Speaker A: Do we enumerate everything from zero to nine?
Speaker A: Or do we have just a channel plus channel minus?
Speaker D: No, no, I mean, we definitely need the numbers because it's...
Speaker D: Otherwise, people don't want to flip through all the channels.
Speaker C: Do we need them as buttons or do we need them as LCD?
Speaker A: On the LCD we can, you know...
Speaker D: Yeah, I would say buttons because it's...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's...
Speaker E: I think the thing is, if someone just wants to turn on the TV and put on a channel, then it should be easier to use than any other remote.
Speaker E: And then if someone wants to, you know, change the contrast on their TV and...
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: They should be able to do that and it should be accessible, but, you know, I mean, most of the time, I mean, there's a limit to how much the biggest technology can spend fiddling with the TV.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: I think it's the issue here.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, buttons definitely, but...
Speaker A: Shall we try to draw...
Speaker C: I think that's what you guys are going to do next.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, I'm going to put down the key.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, components.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: So, what about the scrolling?
Speaker D: Yeah, but I'm not completely clear.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: About the spinning wheel.
Speaker D: So, I think it doesn't make sense to have both like a scrolling and spinning thing.
Speaker D: You cannot include everything in the spinning, if you just spin it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: I would say the spinning goes at a higher speed to the scrolling wheel.
Speaker E: So, you have to decide whether you want to be going so fast or not.
Speaker E: But, I mean, the thing with this hole, you're planning on making it out of rubber, and the basis that it's spondy.
Speaker E: And I'm not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work.
Speaker C: But if you've got a...
Speaker C: I mean, you can...
Speaker C: If you've got a flip thing, effectively, it's something that's curved on one side and plait on the other side, but you fold a little in half.
Speaker E: Yeah, but your spinning wheel tends to go to one side.
Speaker C: That would be on one side.
Speaker A: I'm not sure it'll be a good idea to construct the whole thing out of rubber.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so too.
Speaker A: I mean, the case would be rubber and the buttons.
Speaker A: Or at the corner edges, just the edges covered by rubber or something like that, everything else in plastic.
Speaker A: Or even titanium if you want to use it.
Speaker E: Or maybe like interchangeable cases.
Speaker E: Because I know, like, we're going back to eye pods again in the whole spinning wheel, but I have like a...
Speaker E: Now, obviously my eye pod is not made of rubber, and then I have a little rubber case that goes over the top of it, and I can change the color.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker E: The U.S.A.T. to march my outfit.
None: Right.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So that gives us a more trendy look as well.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think the spinning wheel is definitely very narrow.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Yeah, and we're going more for the trend stand for the usability anyway.
Speaker A: That's right.
Speaker A: Yeah, after.
Speaker A: So, rub that out.
Speaker A: And colors can be provided with the case rather than...
Speaker A: But we still need to think about the color of our moda such.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think it was a requirement that we use our...
Speaker D: The colors of our company.
Speaker D: So would it be like yellow, gray and black or something?
Speaker D: I guess.
Speaker E: That doesn't fit in with the whole vegetable thing.
Speaker D: Bananas?
Speaker D: Bananas?
Speaker D: Yellow.
Speaker E: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker E: I mean, do you think we could incorporate the colors of the company into the buttons and then make the colors the main remote.
Speaker E: The color like vegetable colors, you know?
Speaker E: So you could have like...
Speaker E: I mean, I suppose vegetable colors would be all in green and some reds and maybe purple and that.
Speaker E: And then you'd paint the buttons and company colors to match the color.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: If you go over to the integrated circuits, since we are having LCDs, there's no way that we will be able to.
Speaker A: What we do need to consider however is that the price is going up with every such thing that we are considering.
Speaker A: But since LCDs seems to be a definite yes.
Speaker A: So it seems to be one area where we would want to spend.
Speaker A: So I'll rub off the other two.
Speaker E: So we're discounting solar energy because rubber is going to be used in there somewhere.
Speaker E: Or...
Speaker C: That was the...
Speaker A: Oh, so the constraint was...
Speaker A: We can't have solar panels.
Speaker A: Solar panels with rubber.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker E: Yeah, okay.
Speaker E: So you really lose that, I think.
Speaker C: Should we go for...
Speaker C: If we're going for rubber, we think of it as our case.
Speaker C: And then...
Speaker D: And the buttons as well.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think...
Speaker A: We'll have...
Speaker A: Using the simple battery will be a safer option as compared to the kinetic energy one.
Speaker A: I mean, although it does seem interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: But it does not hold any advantages as that.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's just to get it.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, so we understand this better now that the speaker is for the feedback, right?
Speaker A: It says the things that you type in or something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: I think if we can include them not too much extra cost, then I'd put them in...
Speaker A: We don't have too much information about it.
Speaker D: Yeah, but I think it should be quite cheap because it's from a company company.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So this is in as well then.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So I'm supposed to be good.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And the case is curved on one side but in flat.
Speaker C: Flat on the top.
Speaker C: Flat. So it's flipped.
Speaker C: Into each other.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Can I pull the...
Speaker C: Yeah, sure.
Speaker C:...the computer.
Speaker B: Just so I can...
Speaker E: Sorry, Joey.
Speaker C: Nothing gets right.
Speaker C: I'll just...
None: Okay.
Speaker E: What is ICSC?
Speaker A: ICs, integrated circuits.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So it's advanced integrated circuits?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Welcome to the...
Speaker A: We're definitely going in for voice recognition as well as on CDs.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: So we've basically worked out that we're going with a simple battery.
Speaker C: The advanced chip.
Speaker C: And curved on one side case which is folded in on itself.
Speaker C: Made out of rubber.
Speaker C: And the buttons are also rubber.
Speaker C: We're having push buttons on the outside and then on the inside an LCD with spinning wheel.
Speaker C: And we're incorporating voice recognition.
Speaker C: That's however all contact.
Speaker C: And it's going to look sort of digital and be in bright vegetable colours.
Speaker D: So would we have the spinning wheel inside with the LCD or would it be on the altar?
Speaker D: Imagine being inside.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So actually that could like really cut down your thing.
Speaker E: So you've got your outside which is like minimalist and then you open it up and you've got a screen and a spinning wheel which you can incorporate buttons into.
Speaker E: So you've still not got like a lot of stuff in there.
Speaker E: You've maybe got like if you're modelling on an iPod you've got five buttons and a wheel and fours of it and doing the wheel.
Speaker E: And the other one's a little bit inside.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So now we've got 30 minutes before our next meeting.
Speaker C: In the meantime the industrial designer over here is going to work on the look and feel design which I presume will work out what that means.
Speaker C: The user interface designer will work on the user interface design and the marketing expert is going to work on productive evaluation.
Speaker C: And as well as that the two designers are going to work together on our prototype following those instructions that we've just come up with using modelling clay and you will get extra instructions from your personal coach.
Speaker C: That all okay.
Speaker C: And anyone who hasn't put their presentation in the project documents folder it would be good just so in case we have to refer to it.
Speaker E: I'm going to go and sit on my own.
Speaker C: Nobody wants to talk to you.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker E: I'm plugging in.
Speaker E: I've got a bit tangled up in here.
Speaker D: Shall I move away first or shall I stay here?
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: Maybe.
Speaker D: I would care.
