None: Reid?
None: some Ioddy Okay.
Speaker C: Alright.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: Alright.
Speaker C: Is everyone here?
Speaker C: Yep.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: This is our conceptual design meeting.
Speaker C: I'll just take a few minutes and go through the previous minutes.
Speaker C: Then each of you will have your presentation.
Speaker C: And then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control.
Speaker C: And then we'll have 40 minutes for finishing up.
Speaker C: And then we'll go through the minutes first.
Speaker C: We just refreshed our goal of making the finest remote control available.
Speaker C: We decided that we know that we need to use company colors, company logo.
Speaker C: And our marketing expert gave us some information from interviews with 100 different remote users with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before.
Speaker C: People thought the remotes were ugly.
Speaker C: That remotes zap a lot.
Speaker C: They only use a finite amount of buttons.
Speaker C: And that they often lose, that's easy to lose remote.
Speaker C: Which we're all things we were thinking we would want to make it simple.
Speaker C: And some sort of locator, a button or tracking device.
Speaker C: And that it should look different than what's out there.
Speaker C: Kind of mixed response on the speech recognition.
Speaker C: The younger people said they wanted it, the older people did not.
Speaker C: I think we decided that the expense was not necessarily worth it.
Speaker C: And that it was probably a gimmick that would increasingly wear on the consumers' nerves.
Speaker C: Then the user interface designer explored some of the technical functions of the remote.
Speaker C: The simple versus the complex, the simple one being better for a user, the complex better for an engineer.
Speaker C: And some personal preferences that were found in that would be that it should be a user oriented remote, something simple.
Speaker C: And that we didn't want to go with a universal remote because increasing cost and increasing complexity.
Speaker C: We would just have a TV remote.
Speaker C: And that we should also focus on the appearance of the remote, have it be something that looks different.
Speaker C: And finally, our industrial designer gave us a rundown of how the remote will work from energy source, what we would use batteries because we don't want to have a cable.
Speaker C: How that would power the remote and the lamp.
Speaker C: If we were to have one, the user interface then would connect to a chip, which would work with the infrared controls to send the signal to the TV.
Speaker C: I believe then we came up with a couple ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be.
Speaker C: And we're going to be able to get into easily into someone's hand and with a just a few buttons, just the basics and with a scrolling function.
Speaker C: We're going to be able to get that marketing, we're watching trends.
Speaker B: Okay, so I was looking at trend watching.
Speaker B: Unfortunately, I wasn't given too much information.
Speaker B: I was given a brief executive summary and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at.
Speaker B: And then I'll just tell you some personal preferences that I got from that.
Speaker B: Okay, the most important finding was that the fancy look and feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look and feel design, which I think we kind of already discussed before.
Speaker B: The second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative.
Speaker B: And again, these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own, but this just backs it up.
Speaker B: And thirdly, the remote should be easy to use.
Speaker B: As far as fashion update, we have learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths, shoes and furniture.
Speaker B: And that might be a bit of a challenge to incorporate this into our remote, but we can try. And also, as opposed to last year, this year, the material is expected to be spongy and feel.
Speaker B: Okay, so from that, as we've already said, we need to focus on a fancy look and feel.
Speaker B: I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design, but I think that even if it's very subtle, we need to kind of trick our consumers so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and similar to the shape or the colors or all of that.
Speaker B: And so, we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables.
Speaker B: So, I guess the two options are if we had a remote in the shape of the fruit or natural.
Speaker B: Or with exterior designs, but my question is, I mean, stereotypically speaking, you kind of picture males with their remote controls, and I'm not sure how they'd feel about having fruity logos on the outside, so maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable or, I don't know, different options for female male target and then the spongy feel.
Speaker B: I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there and look at different types of material that might please our users.
Speaker B: What's spongy feeling? Remote controls.
Speaker B: What's that?
Speaker C: Possibly, sorry, just a button for a second, possibly a cover like the head for mobile phones.
Speaker C: One with a flag and one with a banana and one that's a spongy feel to it.
Speaker C: We could leave that to the cover department.
Speaker A: So they've got nothing to do all day.
Speaker A: I talked about the interface concept and how the customer relates to the consumer use the actual device.
Speaker A: So I've looked at some of the stuff I've sent, try and get some inspiration, but keep in mind that our own ideas that we had.
Speaker A: I was sent some information from the company saying that the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology where you could program questions into such devices.
Speaker A: They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question, you program the answer, and the machine responds accordingly.
Speaker A: There's different ways of a user can use products like remote.
Speaker A: There's a graphical use where you look at pictures and on a screen.
Speaker A: A command line where you obviously type things in and you get a response.
Speaker A: That's just to point out the inconsistent interface in remote.
Speaker A: So they had a look at new products that are on the market, not necessarily remote controls, but ones that you recognize.
Speaker A: This is the voice recognition and remote control which can control multiple devices, the service-based channels with your voice.
Speaker A: It's all 80 speech samples, controls for devices, TV, cable satellite, VCR, DVD and audio.
Speaker A: You can record your own verbal labels that are connected to remote control functions.
Speaker A: The one on the left is very similar to what we drew upon the board in the previous meeting, where it has scroll down functions on the side, you can sort of just make those out.
Speaker A: And then on the right is obviously an iPod, which is possible, the simplest thing to use out there.
Speaker A: And all that is is just a nice big scroll menu that you sort of go through.
Speaker A: That is a possibility and nothing simple really.
Speaker A: Then there's things like this, which is a kid's remote, where the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before.
Speaker A: So, the remote control only allows them to access the channels that the parents want them to watch, and it means that children have a novelty of having their own remote control.
Speaker A: So, I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote control.
Speaker A: We just had two components, maybe we could have more components, you know, different than those.
Speaker A: The point made at the end there is that you just have to sort of be clear on your devices as to what, you know, things you use sometimes.
Speaker A: An arrow pointing down, which may suggest volume down, could be completely used just as a V for volume, just little things like that, which would need to be made clear in the design.
Speaker A: I think you can't afford what you said, and usually friendly remote with minimum buttons, maybe we've sort of suggested this two part thing, where if it was to have a speech recognition thing, maybe control that on the program or that on the control bit, and then just have the simple sort of handheld thing that we sort of devised earlier as the actual remote.
Speaker A: It could be a graphical display, the actual remote control port, maybe could have like an iPod, we just sort of control through the menus, stuff like, it gets more and more complicated, and then the handheld bit should be ergonomic and designed.
Speaker A: And that is it.
Speaker A: Just, just a song show you.
Speaker A: And this is a limb got things like that, huge things, which is, that's one.
Speaker A: 19 year old, ground of my eye.
Speaker A: Industrial design.
Speaker D: Yeah, cream stuff like that.
Speaker C: I noticed the giant dog bone shape.
Speaker C: Also good for animals.
Speaker A: Well, let's see.
Speaker D: I'm going to bore you with a couple of descriptions of the interior.
Speaker D: Just to make it more obvious what we have to fit in there, and that we do have to fit the stuff in there.
Speaker D: I have more information on possible materials as well, what we can and cannot do.
Speaker D: Just wait for this to load up and I'll show you.
Speaker D: What we're talking about here.
Speaker D: The details of the components design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, the main board of the remote control, the underside.
Speaker D: It's a pretty cheap piece of technology.
Speaker D: You can see the chip, which is the device to recognize the signals, the input, and it passes it on to a row of the transistors and stuff like that on the right side that actually amplified the signal, which later on.
Speaker D: This is the transfer to an infrared lamp, which then, of course, shines infrared light onto the television terminal, recognize what signal it's getting and what you tell it.
Speaker D: So much for the workings of the remote control itself, its job is to wait for you to press a key, then to translate that key press into infrared light signals that are received by the television.
Speaker D: When you press the key, you complete a specific connection, the chip senses the connection, knows what button you press, that produces a Morse code line signal specific to that button.
Speaker D: You can see the input and the signal, which is the signal, is the signal to the signal, which translates the signal to the infrared light, the sensor in the TV, you can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal reacts appropriately.
Speaker D: The green greenish board is what we saw in the first slide just flipped over. You can see the circuit board itself, it's the cheapest way to make electronic connections basically on the market.
Speaker D: If you do, as you don't have cables, but you have the connections actually in these lines on the board. These are the actual keys that are being pressed to close the electric circuit that then sends the signal to the chip on the other side that will be behind here, which sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff, amplified the signal and all that has been sent to the infrared lamp up there.
Speaker D: Now, you can see this is the rubber button version of it, the way it works instead, the keys here, the rubber button has a little metal plate on the other side, which closes the circuit here, and thus gives on the signal. Now, this is the simple version.
Speaker D: We are talking, this is the simple and cheapest version at the same time. We're talking something more complicated, of course, it's going to be more expensive as well.
Speaker D: I'll tell me that. We also restricted the use of our outer shell or in the material that we could use for our outer shell. I've gotten some information that we could use for the case material plastic, rubber as well, rubber that is used in these anti-stress balls.
Speaker D: It's pretty squishy that would serve that purpose. We could also use wood or titanium.
Speaker C: What's the approximate cost per 100,000 for the titanium?
Speaker D: I don't have an information on that. However, our company obviously can provide us with the titanium. I was given an OK to use it. It certainly is an expensive material. I'm aware of that.
Speaker D: I was given an OK, but there are certain restrictions to certain materials. Now, let's first go through the list with materials. What we can use is plastic, rubber, wood, and titanium.
Speaker D: We can mix these as for the energy source. We're talking about that shortly in the meeting. What we could use is what I was offered, what we could use as a basic battery.
Speaker D: Interestingly enough, we could use solar cells or a device that was not further specified that provides kinetic energy, such as watches.
Speaker D: We could just move them, move the actual device and provide some energy. Obviously, I personally have to say that the dynamo is out of question.
Speaker D: You don't want to wind up your remote control before you can use it.
Speaker D: Solar cell is interesting. May fail, though, every time they're. Yeah, or you do use it, advice behind the couch for a weekend.
Speaker D: Works well in Arizona, but not so.
Speaker D: The kinetic energy thing might work, but same problem. You leave it lying around. First, I have to shake it before it starts to work.
Speaker D: So I'd say what we're stuck with really is the basic battery, which also makes a base station basically obsolete.
Speaker D: Our interface options are push buttons in which in the production of which an official which company is expert.
Speaker D: However, we've discussed that scroll wheels are a better option and they are possible. We have an okay for scroll wheels.
Speaker D: However, when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod, I have one big objection and that is that we have to fit an LCD into the remote control as well.
Speaker D: This however may exclude certain materials.
Speaker D: We have a squishy kind of remote control and LCD screen may be affected by the movement, so we might not be able to put it in there.
Speaker D: There's also restrictions to when it comes to the chip. If we have a more sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic setup that we've just presented, the chip has to be more sophisticated and that's more expensive as well.
Speaker D: I don't have any details to the cost but it will be significant difference. I'd rather say drop the titanium and therefore that's how it's more sophisticated chip but that's not up to me to decide really.
Speaker D: So that's for the scroll wheel. It limits our choice and squishy is hip so I'd say, rather not go for that. Let's see now.
Speaker D: Solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex surface or remote control but obviously that's not a problem since we have decided against solar cells I assume right?
Speaker D: Yeah, anybody still? Yeah, I think batteries are probably the way to go.
Speaker D: With the titanium we cannot make it a curved design, just be able to make it flat and straight design pretty much which I assume would exclude.
Speaker A: With the sort of spongy and plastic thing you can get those mobile phones and initially have a is plastic but then they have sort of a cover on it which is just sort of soft stuff.
Speaker A: So I don't know if that will still be possible to have it open in plastic but then whether people hold it still be sort of spongy.
Speaker B: And we can have the fruits and vegetables on this one too far until we can remove it.
Speaker A: So was it a possibility of having a graphical display on it like a screen?
Speaker D: I can have an LCD screen but therefore no rubber will be used.
Speaker D: So the plastic is titanium, yes but this will of course influence the form of plastic as I understand it.
Speaker D: And titanium also seems to be tricky when it comes to the form. So the way to go is if you want to scroll wheel you either make it flat and angular, add an LCD screen and then you can basically choose either plastic or titanium.
Speaker D: If you want to make it a particular shape use plastic and the LCD screen add a scroll wheel that will be fine or make it just put buttons.
Speaker D: Basically plastic gives you the biggest variety of options, maybe not the nicest feel, not much of the analogy.
Speaker D: So the rubbery we can shape it however we want, for the rubbery we cannot.
Speaker D: With the rubbery we could pretty much shape it the way we wanted it but we cannot add swirl wheels and we cannot add an LCD screen.
None: That's the tricky thing.
Speaker A: Could we not have a shape with a scroll on the screen and then the initial shape we had which is sort of banana esque.
Speaker A: That's the whoever thing we did it yellow and you just stick on just some other things and that's not a quick from it.
Speaker A: They wouldn't have any, they're just on the exterior, they wouldn't be necessary to the actual shape of the thing.
Speaker C: Is that an option, a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on a certain spot?
Speaker D: Certainly can be done.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: That doesn't affect the functional side of it all.
Speaker D: Like say just the underside of it can be done.
Speaker D: I assume.
Speaker D: So the fruit design, how about affecting the surface of the actual remote control.
Speaker D: Say we don't make it the particular fruit shape obviously but a good surface of an orange banana whatever you name it.
Speaker C: What about a smell?
Speaker C: It's the remote.
Speaker A: You could just sell it in different colours as well.
Speaker A: Great.
Speaker A: We're supposed to stick to the company cost.
Speaker D: Yellow and grey.
Speaker D: So what have we lemon banana?
Speaker D: Grapefruit.
Speaker D: Grapefruit is what we go for in terms of the author appearance perhaps.
Speaker C: I would say if I were to make a decision I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower end of the spectrum of importance.
Speaker B: I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous.
Speaker D: Well we haven't been out of it already.
Speaker C: Perhaps the implied shape will be enough to lower that fruit minded.
Speaker A: It's yellow.
Speaker A: It's curved.
Speaker D: So why not add a couple of grey stripes?
Speaker C: Couple of grey stripes.
Speaker C: We could put the grey stripes on the bottom so that person could turn it over.
Speaker C: The grey stripes would look like a banana just sitting on their table.
Speaker A: And then you could actually put the banana shape thing on the fruit bowl on the coffee table.
Speaker A: Maybe the holder.
Speaker C: If we were to have a holder it could be shaped like a fruit bowl.
Speaker C: It could be an ape or a fruit bowl.
Speaker C: Do you have more to your presentation?
Speaker D: That's pretty much it.
Speaker D: I've been informed about the materials.
Speaker D: What the materials are.
Speaker C: I'm going to plug in here real quick.
Speaker C: Like I said we have to make a decision on a couple of these items here.
Speaker B: So is the two piece idea out or will we not decide it?
Speaker A: We sort of might want to look at that because if we're going to use a battery then the base station might not be necessary.
Speaker D: We can still design a two piece remote without having one of them be a base station but just have it be an optional big remote with lots of functions or you take out a smaller piece.
Speaker D: We can still do that.
Speaker D: However of course it would be like designing two remotes.
Speaker D: Which then design would probably limit the limit again to use of certain materials because they would be too expensive.
Speaker D: They like a scroll wheel and on both of them or have an LCD screen and so on.
Speaker D: You'd probably have to stick rather with a traditional rubber button design which we saw there.
Speaker C: Could be done.
Speaker C: So these are the decisions that we do need to make by the end of this meeting.
Speaker C: For our components concept we need to come up with the energy source chip on print and the case.
Speaker C: Probably case material and probably a shape also.
Speaker C: And then for the user interface concept we need to decide what the type is and what kind of supplements will have.
Speaker C: Energy source I think we've decided batteries although not exciting are probably our best bet.
Speaker D: We have five minutes.
Speaker D: The more advanced features you want the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive.
Speaker C: So I guess we should pick the case then.
Speaker C: Then the chip on print is still kind of we could have either or we could have a complex one or a non complex.
Speaker B: But did we decide that the rubbery feel is important enough to us.
Speaker C: Okay so we would have the LCD screen.
Speaker C: So I guess the case would be plastic with.
Speaker C: Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it.
Speaker B: It's more of a supplement maybe.
Speaker B: So we're going to go to the scroll are we going for the iPad type.
Speaker C: Which will require a more expensive chip on print right.
None: But I guess that is that about it.
Speaker C: So we have a good idea of what we're going to need to do on this.
Speaker C: So we will have another meeting in 30 minutes.
Speaker C: Here's what's going to be going on.
Speaker C: Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design.
Speaker C: And you'll be working on the look and feel design.
Speaker C: Corinne will want a product evaluation.
Speaker C: And the two of you get to play with the modeling components and maybe get us a prototype.
Speaker C: It should go along well with your look and feel design and your interface.
Speaker C: So that basically will just be working on the prototype.
Speaker C: We'll accomplish your other two actions.
Speaker C: All right.
