Speaker F: I feel like Madonna with one of these on.
Speaker E: I feel like Madonna with one of these on.
Speaker F: It's cool, we're dancing, they're saying it's like.
Speaker F: I've always wanted one of these, I really have.
Speaker F: Where did you buy them from?
None: Hello everybody.
Speaker D: Back again for another wonderful meeting.
Speaker D: Everyone ready?
Speaker D: Okay we can hold on for a minute.
Speaker F: Oh my gosh.
Speaker E: I figured with the spam thing if you can't.
Speaker B: I enjoyed it.
Speaker D: Are you ready?
Speaker D: Okay, right.
Speaker D: First off we'll recap from our last meeting.
Speaker E: We got together to basically decide on what it is that we were actually supposed to be doing and who we all are and stuff like that.
Speaker E: We'll get a bit more of an idea together of what's going on.
Speaker E: What we're going to talk about in this meeting is now that we know what it is that we're doing, now we know that it's a TV remote and stuff.
Speaker E: You guys have just been off doing some R&D for that.
Speaker E: Research and development, I haven't heard that before.
Speaker E: There are all sorts of new terms and technology today.
Speaker D: Whether they be on computer or on the white board or whatever you want, if you have any preference or order.
Speaker E: I'd like to hear on the Catherine actually first.
Speaker G: I think she's still finishing her.
Speaker G: I think she's still in the same position.
Speaker G: For the energy sources we can have a basic battery, hand in a mode which was used in the 50s for torches.
Speaker G: I think any of us remember the 50s.
Speaker G: It's like a crank thing.
Speaker G: You can have a kinetic provision of energy which is used on some watches these days.
Speaker B: There are sometimes combinations that calculate the two combinations of battery, but also using some solar panel.
Speaker G: Does anybody know?
Speaker G: I think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice, but I don't know if it's worth the cost.
Speaker G: For the case of the remote itself, there can be a general case which is just a flat one.
Speaker G: It kind of suits the palm of your hands.
Speaker G: The case material itself can be either plastic or latex rubber or titanium.
Speaker G: For each of them you have cases where, for example, titanium you can't use it if we're choosing a double curved case.
Speaker G: We can't choose titanium and if we're choosing solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material.
Speaker G: We just have to take that into account.
Speaker G: But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything.
Speaker G: I think we discussed earlier, Rombi, or as I probably think so.
Speaker D: That might be an idea of using a rubber, but then it's a squeezable ring.
Speaker G: It also doesn't break as easily.
Speaker E: When a TV program is watching the match and teams just lost you can fuzz it across the room and it will bounce off the wall back at you.
Speaker D: I like that idea.
Speaker G: So rubber is the thing.
Speaker F: I think rubber is...
Speaker E: Rubber, we're all going with it, we're all like that idea.
Speaker E: You think you can mark it now?
Speaker F: But after my fashion thing, I think you'll realise that rubber is more...
Speaker D: Oh, we like rubber.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: And then there are the push buttons.
Speaker G: So you can have basic push buttons or a squall wheel like you have on a mouse.
Speaker G: Or you can have LCD to give you a display.
Speaker G: Squall buttons as well.
Speaker G: So if you use a rubber double curved case, you must use rubber push buttons.
Speaker G: So if we're going for rubber, then we have to decide for the case.
Speaker G: And if we choose the double curved, then we have to go for rubber push buttons.
Speaker E: Well, I think we've decided that it's going to be a rubber case.
Speaker G: Yeah, but if it's a double curved one or not.
Speaker G: If it's not a double curved, then we've got the choice for the push buttons.
Speaker G: If it's a double curved, we've got to go for rubber push buttons.
Speaker G: If that makes sense.
Speaker E: Well, push buttons instead of the wheel.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If it's rubber, isn't it malleable anyways?
Speaker B: I mean, it doesn't matter if it's double...
Speaker B: I mean, isn't a rubber case, I mean, it's completely flexed.
Speaker B: I mean, it flexes to whatever they want.
Speaker B: It's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubber double.
Speaker B: A rubber double double double.
Speaker D: You see, you've got...
Speaker D: Okay, the energy.
Speaker D: That's one thing.
Speaker D: I'll have a big back, please.
Speaker G: Then you have...
Speaker G: The case is whether it's flat or curved.
Speaker G: And that's...
Speaker G: We don't care if it's rubber or not, but then we've decided that we're going for rubber for the case material.
Speaker G: So if we've chosen rubber, and now we have the choice for the case whether it's flat, single curved or double curved.
Speaker G: And I'm just saying, if we choose it to be double curved, then we need to go...
Speaker G: I don't know why, but we need to go for rubber push buttons.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: So either...
Speaker G: I don't know, we just need to decide on the...
Speaker E: Let's have rubber push buttons, hi.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Go rubber.
Speaker G: Let's go crazy.
Speaker G: And then do I have a last slide?
Speaker G: Yes, I do.
Speaker G: So the push buttons themselves, they can be just simple, they can be...
Speaker G: So that's just the electronics behind the push buttons.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: And the price that goes with it, so the simple push buttons are going to be the cheapest.
Speaker G: If we get a scroll wheel that's a higher press range, if we get an advanced chip, which is used for the LCD, the display thing, then that's even more expensive.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Simple.
Speaker A: Chip on print.
Speaker A: It's a long print in through the infrared center.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: One I'm not understanding here is...
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Advanced chip on print, which I presume is like one PCB.
Speaker E: And that's got all the electronics on one board, including the infrared center.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: What alternatives do we have to that?
Speaker G: Well, if it's not chip on print, then I guess you get different chip components and you build them separately and it doesn't include the infrared.
Speaker G: It's less expensive.
Speaker G: So technically speaking, it's not as advanced, but it does the job too.
Speaker E: So why would we not go for that?
Speaker E: If it's something that's inside the unit.
Speaker E: It doesn't, yeah, it doesn't affect whether the customer is going to buy it or not.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker E: So let's not go for it.
Speaker E: And it's as long as it works.
Speaker G: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker G: I agree.
Speaker E: So let's not bother with the chip on print.
Speaker G: So it's either the scroll wheel or the push buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So yeah, push buttons.
Speaker F: What about the just the now sample sensor?
Speaker D: What about what?
Speaker F: The sample sensor.
Speaker E: Well, what do we need to speak before in the remote control unit?
Speaker F: Oh, I don't know.
Speaker F: Be cool.
Speaker G: It'd be cool, but they're saying they've just developed it.
Speaker G: I'm just guessing both.
Speaker G: It's going to be the most expensive option probably.
Speaker B: The speech recognition option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's not something that we want to go into with the product.
Speaker B: Yeah, the example that they're already using it for is with the coffee machine where basically you can program a sample that when you say something with a response and you program the response as well, it's just clips that you record yourself so you can program your coffee maker that when you say good morning to it, it says hello Rick or whatever.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, it's not.
Speaker B: It would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the TV on like turn the TV on them.
Speaker B: It comes on, but it's not that it's just gives you an answer and she gives you a verbal response.
Speaker B: So, yeah, I mean, like what's the point of hello remote?
Speaker F: I mean, I thought it was when they say really lonely.
Speaker F: Yeah, really lonely.
Speaker F: I thought when they said voice recognition, they meant like channel five.
Speaker F: Channel five.
Speaker F: No, that would be promising.
Speaker B: It's just a remote that talks to you.
Speaker B: Oh, forget about it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I mean to certain cues.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: Okay, so I'll go back maybe to the previous slide and we can decide for each problem what we should choose.
Speaker G: So for the energy source, do we go for the battery or the.
Speaker B: Yeah, I'm fine with the basic battery.
Speaker E: Basic battery.
Speaker E: It's cheap.
Speaker E: It's cheerful.
Speaker E: It's worked.
None: It does work.
Speaker G: Cheap option.
Speaker G: Are you happy with that?
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: So we'll go for the battery.
Speaker G: Then the case.
Speaker G: Do you want it flat or curved or single or double?
Speaker E: We were going with the late with the RSI rubber.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we wanted rubber double curve.
Speaker B: Do the yeah.
Speaker F: So it will look like something like this.
Speaker G: Double wafer please.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: So then if we use double curved case, then we have to use.
Speaker E: We go for the simple buttons.
Speaker E: So rubber push buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's fine.
Speaker E: So it's cheaper still rounds.
Speaker E: It sounds kind of funky.
Speaker E: And we can also mark it as because we were saying earlier in your research.
Speaker E: Do you have the people getting the complaining of RSI?
Speaker E: And this is anti RSI.
Speaker G: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So that's another marketing point that we can use.
Speaker F: Oh, the rubber push button.
Speaker F: So.
Speaker F: Do you have to move?
Speaker E: Anything is going to have buttons.
Speaker E: Even if it's a jog wheel, it's still repetitive.
Speaker G: I thought they would give an option of flat buttons or.
Speaker G: You can still get.
Speaker E: You still get repetitive strain injury, whether you're pressing a button or pressing a flat bit of screen.
Speaker E: It's the fact that you're pressing the same doing the same movement.
Speaker E: It's not actually what you're doing.
Speaker E: But the fact that this rubber is actually used in these anti RSI.
Speaker E: It's specific.
Speaker B: We're giving them a way to burn off steam.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: So they can sit there and not that watching TV should be that stressful.
Speaker E: And you can fuzz it across the room.
Speaker B: Throw it at your children.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker G: Alright.
Speaker G: That's me.
Speaker E: Don.
Speaker E: Okay, Gabrielle.
Speaker E: Let's hear from you about the interface.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Some of what I have to say ties into what Katherine was just talking about.
None: Sorry.
None: Wow.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: So I'm continuing with the user interface.
Speaker B: The topic.
Speaker B: And so basically I consulted with our manufacturing division.
Speaker B: It sounded like Katherine was also speaking with them.
Speaker B: I also took Reese's marketing findings from the last meeting into consideration.
Speaker B: Because I think that's crucial as far as what keys we're going to include, what buttons we're going to include and how they're laid out.
Speaker B: And so the manufacturing division sent some samples of interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products like the coffee machine.
Speaker B: So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface.
Speaker B: I guess we basically vetoed that idea.
Speaker B: It's pointless.
Speaker B: It's just a sample sensor, sample output.
Speaker B: It would just be probably the most expensive part of our remote without any actual interesting functionality as far as operating the TV.
Speaker B: So yeah, they also give the, they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an mp3 player like iPod.
Speaker B: So we've already addressed that.
Speaker B: I think that would actually be worse for something like RSI.
Speaker B: And I have a feeling that we're interested in something more general, but they suggested going a little bit into a niche like either gearing a remote towards kids or you could have a lot of colors.
Speaker B: It might be funny or playful in some way or something for the elderly where the remote's very large and the buttons are very large and there's only a few buttons.
Speaker B: But we can discuss this, but it sounded like from our last meeting, we really wanted something that was general, but done well.
Speaker B: So the key layout and design are really crucial. You don't want, you want people to be able to quickly access the buttons that they use a lot without always pressing a long one.
Speaker B: And I didn't mention that we need a power button in our last.
Speaker B: I can give you an example here of a good layout and bad layout.
Speaker B: So this would be an example of bad layout where you have volume down, but they have a V on both of them.
Speaker B: It's sort of confusing for the user.
Speaker B: Do we have a good one?
Speaker B: This is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose.
Speaker B: Brilliant.
Speaker B: Hello.
Speaker B: Something for kids.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think my personal preference is we've all talked about and seem to be on the same page.
Speaker B: So I was against the speech recognition and against going towards anything in the niche sense.
Speaker B: I think it should be more general.
Speaker B: I didn't think the spinning wheel or the LC display were crucial for us.
Speaker B: And that's it for me.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, what are our definite decisions on this then as a team?
Speaker E: The interface type we're going for.
Speaker B: So we're not going to have any sort of display.
Speaker B: It's just going to be buttons.
Speaker B: I think we should have a limited number of buttons, ideally, I mean, power, channel up, channel down, volume up, volume up, numerical, keypad.
Speaker B: And some sort of, we'll either have a lock button like we mentioned or a cover or something like that.
Speaker B: Because it's to the point where we need to decide about it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: And we're not.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, now that we've decided.
Speaker E: Are we going to, are we, are we decided on whether we're going to supplement it with anything, you know, colors or, you know, gimmicky bits to it.
Speaker E: We're not.
Speaker B: We're just going to go for something.
Speaker B: It seems like we wouldn't want to make it too busy and to sort of.
Speaker B: Dottie, but.
Speaker B: Yeah, I would say maybe a couple of colors like a, like a black with yellow in somewhere like maybe the R.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yellow.
Speaker B: Something like that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, Ducky.
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't have any other questions on this.
Speaker B: I guess the fact also that we are having a rubber case would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before.
Speaker B: I mean, yeah, sure.
Speaker A: If we want to have a lock of some sort of.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that should be.
Speaker B: I mean, I can speak with the button department, but I think that it should be easy to have a button that just prevents the other buttons from operating.
Speaker B: So that should be simple.
Speaker A: Cool.
None: Right.
Speaker F: Well, I'm just basically letting you know what's happening in the.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: And what the fashions are for next year.
Speaker F: So yes.
Speaker F: So from looking at this is trends and fashions and also recent investigation that we've done in the road control market.
Speaker F: We have found that from the road control market.
Speaker F: These are like most important aspects like we really need to, which we've already probably discussed.
Speaker F: The most important aspect is look and feel so the rock control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have.
Speaker E: So it has to be why should people buy this when everybody got a remote that came with the TV.
Speaker F: Second should be technologically innovative.
Speaker E: So what's that mean?
Speaker F: Technologically, it should be like.
Speaker F: Work.
Speaker F: Basically, I guess it should work.
Speaker B: It should be it should be maybe cutting edge in some sense.
Speaker B: I mean, have something that's a little more technologically advanced.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: The trouble is, is we've already decided that we're going with the stuff that works already.
Speaker E: That's cheap.
Speaker B: Actually, I mean, these first two points we've already sort of gone away from because our rubber one is not fancy.
Speaker B: I mean, it's different, but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy.
Speaker B: If that's what people want, then we we're going in the wrong direction and it's not technologically innovative.
Speaker B: You know, maybe we could.
Speaker F: That's why I think in Bluetooth, because if you like put up Bluetooth and there's a Bluetooth remote control, everybody's going like, oh, because Bluetooth is in thing nowadays, like really.
Speaker F: People and when it comes to marketing, like that's what people go for.
Speaker F: They don't really care whether, you know, at the end of the day, where they works properly or not.
Speaker F: Of course they do.
Speaker F: Well, they do, but it's not.
Speaker E: 100% that's your first thing you go, oh, I'm not going to buy that because I don't know if it works or not.
Speaker F: Yeah, but it looks good.
Speaker F: If it looks good and it's it can just be there for decoration.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, what do you two think about this?
Speaker B: Is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronize it with other electronics?
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't understand what.
Speaker B: It's basically what it allows you to do.
Speaker E: Yeah, and then this is just going to do all this is being used for is your television.
Speaker F: Yeah, but I mean, people...
Speaker E: That would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it, which no television does, does it?
Speaker F: If you're looking at something that's going to be bought by people, you have to make it new, you have to make it.
Speaker E: That would mean we'd have to make it television as well.
Speaker G: Bluetooth would, for example, in a volume thing to connect.
Speaker G: For example, if you get a call on your mobile phone, but your mobile phone is downstairs or something, you would get on your television.
Speaker G: You being called by this person right now.
Speaker G: Things like that.
Speaker E: No, that would be your telephone syncing in with your television.
Speaker B: Yeah, that wouldn't be the remote.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker G: But if you get Bluetooth on the remote, you'd be able to...
Speaker E: The television would have to be a Bluetooth.
Speaker E: It's just trying to kind of advance it.
Speaker E: Well, it doesn't have to be a Bluetooth.
Speaker E: And there is no such thing.
Speaker F: Like, it doesn't have to be, you know, Bluetooth. That was just an idea.
Speaker F: But like, it needs to be something that, you know, is new.
Speaker F: Whether it's a battery, it could be something really...
Speaker F: Really minor, you know? Like, but I think we are really keeping to what is already out there.
Speaker F: And people have already seen it. People have already got it.
Speaker F: If we want something new, we need to move away from what we already have.
Speaker F: And...
Speaker F: Maybe the Canadian...
Speaker F: Just go creative.
Speaker G: For the vision of energy, then.
Speaker G: It's been done for watches, but I haven't seen that for...
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's very good.
Speaker F: I think it can market it. Never have to change the battery again.
Speaker F: And...
Speaker E: And this is all tying in very nicely.
Speaker E: The fact that it's made out of this rubber, we can throw it about...
Speaker E: We should encourage people to throw their remote controls about, because it charges itself up.
Speaker G: And in little characters, you say, yeah, but not too much.
Speaker G: But yeah, by the squeezing it...
Speaker B: Then we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the generating...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's a great idea. Well done.
Speaker F: Third.
Speaker F: The most important aspect is...
Speaker F: Is it's easy to use.
Speaker F: And I think we've all...
Speaker F: All about that.
Speaker F: What's that?
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: In the fashion, how it's supposed to look, next is fashion very much in...
Speaker F: Frozen vegetables.
Speaker F: Other than are like being themed for cloths, shoes and furniture.
Speaker F: So next year, people will be buying.
Speaker F: I found this really funny.
Speaker F: You know, strawberry shaped chairs.
Speaker B: So we've got our keys that are like a broccoli key.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And then I'll kind of...
Speaker B: I want to watch the pineapple channel.
Speaker F: And as it's rubber, the feel, which is in this year, it's spongy.
Speaker F: So it's not quite spongy.
Speaker F: Well, it's spongy.
Speaker E: That's where we got that.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We're ahead of the game there.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: And so, personal...
Speaker F: What I was just saying, like...
Speaker F: Move away from the current.
Speaker F: Remote controls like the look and the feel of the current ones.
Speaker F: And change the look and feel while still keeping to the company's image.
Speaker F: Basically.
Speaker F: So yeah.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: This is what I have to say.
Speaker F: So we're moving in the right direction.
Speaker F: All right.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: No, this is good.
Speaker E: So through all that, we're right.
Speaker E: So we're going to go back to going with the kinetic thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's great.
Speaker E: Using the spongy rubber that we were talking about, that's anti-RSI.
Speaker E: As you squeeze it, you're not only therapeuticising yourself, you are charging the batteries.
Speaker E: Mm.
Speaker E: And I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: I don't know how we...
Speaker D: No vegetables.
Speaker D: Oh, but yeah.
Speaker F: Well...
Speaker F: Maybe make it like fruity colours or something.
Speaker F: Or...
Speaker B: The power button could be like a big apple.
Speaker G: Yeah, but apple would sue you.
Speaker B: Yeah, this is true.
Speaker B: They don't own all images of apples.
Speaker B: So sue the Beatles, though.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We'll make it a pomegranate.
Speaker B: A big pomegranate.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well...
Speaker E: Okay, it seems like the only thing that we haven't really finally agreed on is its image.
Speaker E: Like, yeah, we're saying no, we don't want it to be fruit and vegetables, but we don't know what it should be.
Speaker E: Or like, we're going, yeah, it should look slick, but what do we mean by slick sort of thing?
Speaker F: I think if it's rubber, it needs to be...
Speaker E: I mean, you said earlier on that it should be funkeys.
Speaker F: I think it should be...
Speaker F: I mean, what do you associate with rubber, you know, like really different colours?
Speaker F: Keep it clean.
Speaker F: Okay, sorry, I used the wrong word.
Speaker F: What do you associate with the material?
Speaker F: The material.
Speaker F: That material.
Speaker F: Um...
Speaker F: Like, I'm just thinking bright colours.
Speaker F: Bright natural colours.
Speaker F: Nothing too...
Speaker E: Bright, but not too bright.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Like, no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink.
Speaker F: It'll make it different colours, so anybody can do like...
Speaker E: Like, volume buttons should be all the same colour and the channel button should be one colour and stuff like that, do you mean?
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: And on the back of it, have the logo.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: What do you do?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker C: Why not?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: The one thing I'm wondering about, I hope that we're not going too much down a gimmicky road of...
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, if somebody goes into this store, they're going to see like three or four normal remotes and then a big spongy pink tomato.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: What a nice present.
Speaker E: It's the remote controlled bar though.
Speaker F: Well, I can say in this country, you'll get, you know, lots of people wanting something really funky and cool.
Speaker F: Like, and kids will be walking in with their parents saying, Well, I mean, I want to buy that one.
Speaker F: And parents will see the pro in it as well, because it's like kids won't break it.
Speaker F: It's not breakable.
Speaker F: We've thrown around.
Speaker F: Especially with younger kids.
Speaker F: You know, they can pick it up.
Speaker F: And yeah, the only thing is that really small kids might chew on it.
Speaker E: Well, it's going to be too proof.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So, I'm going to write that down.
Speaker F: So it's quite, it's quite like user friendly and also for different families, like, like families as well.
Speaker F: Little kids and older, like teenagers will like it.
Speaker F: I think especially maybe younger girls, if it's in pink, they'll be like, Oh yeah, I think we're not controlled for their room.
Speaker F: So what do you say?
Speaker E: Maybe we should mark it in different colors.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: For different.
Speaker E: So we could do like the pink range, the blue range, the green range.
Speaker F: So like you walk in, you're like, Oh, I like that remote control because it's so bright.
Speaker F: And then, and then the shop assistant comes up and says, Oh, what color would you like it?
Speaker F: And they go like, Oh, I can do the color.
None: Wow.
Speaker F: So it puts, I think even the customer into more control of what they're buying instead of you got all color.
Speaker F: It's either that or nothing.
Speaker F: So they also get to pick.
Speaker F: Well, personally, I like walking into a shop and choosing a color.
Speaker B: I mean, that, that seems to work well with products like iPod, where you know you have a variety of colors that people feel like they're customizing it when they buy it.
Speaker G: You see how many, you know, there are some colors that I wouldn't, I would never choose and I'd be curious how many people choose that.
Speaker E: Well, I suspect can be down to market researching, you know, that's easy enough to find out what colors are more popular.
Speaker G: Produce less of the colors.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: Well, um,
Speaker E: all right, that's what we're going to aim to get together by the next meeting then. Um, is from you, Catherine, you know, you're going to be working on the look and feel design.
Speaker E: Gabrielle, you're going to be working on, you know, come up with the user interface design, then basically you two are going to be working together.
Speaker E: Unless you won't be going off to separate offices.
Speaker E: Um, and I think you're going to get a chance to play with some clay.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: I think you know, come on, kick, you know, be it for the next meeting, be able to come in and show us some, some, some physical ideas.
Speaker E: Cause at the moment, you know, it's, it's hard. We were kind of going, yeah, it's got to feel nice.
Speaker E: It's got to look cool and that it's, you know, now we can actually start, you know, some sort of physical, something or other.
Speaker E: That sounds great.
Speaker E: Um, and you're going to be working on the product evaluation.
Speaker A: Um,
Speaker E: and I will be, uh, talking to the bosses, basically, and, uh, fielding off some more spam and, uh, that's it really.
Speaker E: Keeping things, well, you know, hopefully, keeping things together. Um, yeah, that's, this is, this is, uh, good.
Speaker E: So we know for definite, you know, we've now got some definite things going on.
Speaker E: We definitely know how it's powered. We definitely know that, um, it's going to be a simple buttons. We're not going to be going for the new technological chip on print, the expensive things. So we, we're keeping the costs down.
Speaker E: It's this rubber casing that we can sell as, um, fun and funky.
Speaker E: Don't have any other remote controls that are made out of this stuff.
Speaker E: People, you know, people are saying, oh, standard stuff gives you repetitive strain and injury.
Speaker E: So this remote control is designed to do the complete opposite.
Speaker E: Supposed to fix it rather than cause it.
Speaker E: Um, this, you know, we're going to, we're going to, as a sort of extra something on it, you know, what, what extra things, other extra things this product have.
Speaker E: We're looking to this lock key facility. I mean, whether or not it happens.
Speaker E: It's almost possible. I don't know, but something to look into.
Speaker E: Okay. I think that's, um, well done, everybody.
Speaker E: Anyone have any, uh, any questions? Everyone know what they're doing?
Speaker E: Cause if you don't, you'll, I'm sure you'll soon get any mail about it.
Speaker B: I think we all know what we need to do now.
Speaker F: This gives you a little detail.
Speaker E: Okay. Right. Well, it's, um, we're still a couple of minutes until our meeting's due to finish.
Speaker E: But, um, I got a note saying that you two will be working together.
Speaker E: So before you disappear off.
Speaker A: I'm not moving yet.
Speaker A: Hold, hold fire.
Speaker B: Um, does the pay raise immediately come into effect on our next paycheck or is that?
Speaker E: Um, I think it's, uh, yeah, I think it's going to be part, part more of a profit sharing on the product.
Speaker B: So we're buying, I mean, we're getting futures and they come.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think, I think that's, I think that's the way it's going to happen at the moment.
Speaker B: So we really have an incentive to make this remote work.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'd like to share in the coffee machine profits because that's really doing well.
Speaker E: I want to share in the spice rocket.
Speaker E: Did you see that this company sent a sign with my display ship?
Speaker B: This company has its fingers in a lot of different parts.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: What is it?
Speaker B: The money making department.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: I did notice looking at, I mean, they told you that they wanted whatever our product to represent the, the rr brand and to be immediately.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I mean, if you look like at the coffee maker at the corporate webpage, it's not obvious.
Speaker B: Our, our, well, it is to us because we worked here for years and we use that coffee machine.
Speaker B: But it's doesn't have the color scheme of the company anywhere on it.
Speaker B: Obviously it's just silver and black.
Speaker G: That's true.
Speaker E: And the spice ship doesn't have the, you think it have a massive hour and all down the side of it.
Speaker E: It doesn't.
Speaker E: I still want one.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I've just had a sign, but I should not say finish the meeting.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I guess that's us.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's not telling, it's not saying do anything in particular just yet.
Speaker E: So maybe you should go back to your own offices.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker G: Are we taking this off?
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
None: So it's YouTube.
