Speaker B: Just put it on the desk.
Speaker B: On the desktop you should find that there's a project documents link.
Speaker B: Or actually just there.
Speaker B: Proge the documents, yeah.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker B: If you dump it in there.
Speaker A: What's the username?
Speaker A: What's the username I'm passing?
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: There we go.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Hopefully that's us ready to go.
Speaker B: So, functional design meeting.
Speaker B: We'll have to flesh out some of the stuff.
Speaker B: We'll start with the minutes of the last meeting.
Speaker B: Not a lot, thankfully they say.
Speaker B: We'll introduce ourselves.
Speaker B: Discuss the possibility of a macro facility.
Speaker B: Interact, interact with the TV a bit more.
Speaker B: Mentioning of barcode.
Speaker B: Joystick for user manipulation.
Speaker B: And ergonomics of the remote control as well.
Speaker B: And it's come to my attention the following.
Speaker B: Teletext has come outdated due to the popular, popular TV internet.
Speaker B: Remote control should only be used for the TV.
Speaker B: Due for a time to market and possibly also cost issues.
Speaker B: Also key is the corporate image to stay recognizable.
Speaker B: Your color and slogan of course is down at the bottom there.
Speaker B: Now, just to say quickly, I would have thought that only being used for the television, the macro facility may now not be required.
Speaker B: Or its functionality would have been of limited use.
Speaker B: So, to the point in my opinion, anyway, that it might not be worth pursuing.
Speaker B: If anybody disagrees, we can definitely say so.
Speaker B: And hopefully we'll just crack on and we'll get everyone going.
Speaker B: I'd like to if it's possible here from our marketing expert first to help us gain an idea of where we're going to go.
Speaker B: So, I'll just load up here presentation from here if you want.
Speaker A: So, would you like to start from here?
Speaker B: Yeah, so, here's the, um, five second one maybe.
Speaker A: Right, yeah, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay.
Speaker A: Okay, right.
Speaker A: I'll put up with it in my last name, I guess not.
Speaker B: But, if he is, he, that's all right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Do you want me to just cycle through it for you?
Speaker B: Oh, yeah, that would be fine.
Speaker A: That would be great.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So, I'm going to go ahead and do a little bit of this.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay, so, um, we did some research.
Speaker A: We asked 100 people.
Speaker A: The opinions on remote controls.
Speaker A: We had some open ended questions.
Speaker A: Just what are your opinions on the remote control?
Speaker A: Got a lot of responses.
Speaker A: And we asked some very specific questions and we got a lot of good feedback.
Speaker A: Please bear in mind, this is only a hundred people.
Speaker A: So, even when the groups are divided into 15 to 25, 25 to 35, there's only maybe 10 people, 15 people in each group.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So, we got some of the best stuff we got.
Speaker A: Remotes are often lost.
Speaker A: I often lose my remote control, the back of the couch, someplace.
Speaker A: And even if it's not lost permanently, it takes me a few minutes to find it.
Speaker A: Most buttons are not used anymore.
Speaker A: Like you said, teletext is outdated now.
Speaker A: I remember trying to load a DVD player recently and there were so many buttons.
Speaker A: It took me, I don't know, maybe 10 minutes to go for each button because you have to press the shift button to access the yellow buttons.
Speaker A: You know, it's just a lot of stuff that no one really uses.
Speaker A: And if they do, not very often.
Speaker A: It takes too long to match the remote control.
Speaker A: I've seen some remote controls that are big.
Speaker A: They have a lot of buttons.
Speaker A: You have to hold down more than 1K at one time to do something.
Speaker A: They're just not great to use.
Speaker A: We just got a lot of bad complaints about remote controls.
Speaker A: People do not like remote controls.
Speaker A: Some of the good stuff we got.
Speaker A: Between the age of 15 and 25, most people will be willing to pay extra for voice recognition software.
Speaker A: I don't get excited yet.
Speaker A: I've got more to say on that.
Speaker A: Most people will be willing to pay for that.
Speaker A: Most people want remote controls to be pretty.
Speaker A: They want it to be fancy.
Speaker A: They want it to be different.
Speaker A: Everybody has a white remote control with black buttons and a red button and a green button.
Speaker A: Not everybody wants that.
Speaker A: Finally, my opinion.
Speaker A: The voice recognition thing is cool.
Speaker A: And voice recognition, the software opensource software exists already.
Speaker A: It's a bit sketchy sometimes.
Speaker A: You're not going to get good, always accurate results.
Speaker A: But for a very fixed number of words, you have how many different words can you have for remote control up, down, left, right, channel 5, channel 7.
Speaker A: You can't have that many words.
Speaker A: For a fixed vocabulary, it works quite well.
Speaker A: I'm pretty sure people will buy it.
Speaker A: But after a while, people may want to return it.
Speaker A: If you have to say, most people use a remote control to switch into channels.
Speaker A: They say they do that about 98% of the time.
Speaker A: Using a remote control, 98% of the time for changing channels.
Speaker A: And that's for flickering through channels.
Speaker A: So if you have to say up, up, up, up, up, up, if you have to do that all the time, then people might get a bit fed up with that and they may return it.
Speaker A: However, because the voice recognition software exists already, there's no need to spend money on research and development.
Speaker A: But this doesn't mean the need for microphones in the remote control, which is an unusual feature, in my opinion.
Speaker A: But if we do have the voice recognition thing, there's a lot of stuff that you can get rid of.
Speaker A: See, you get the two options.
Speaker A: Even you have voice recognition by itself, which I think is a bit impractical for like night time.
Speaker A: If you want to be watching television, you might be quiet.
Speaker A: Or I don't know, you have a visitor come around in the remote so only 20 per year.
Speaker A: It's been impractical to have just voice recognition by itself.
Speaker A: So you can have voice recognition and a regular remote.
Speaker A: But imagine you got rid of the regular remote part.
Speaker A: Then you can design the remote to look any way you want it to look, because there are no restrictions on physical size or shape.
Speaker A: It could be as fancy as you want it to be.
Speaker A: It could be like a lollipop, something like that, something weird like that.
Speaker A: As long as the voice recognition stuff works, that's fine.
Speaker A: So we have the free birds, we have the design bit.
Speaker A: We have the fancy bit, right?
Speaker A: The voice recognition is fancy. It's cool. It's different. It's radical.
Speaker A: And then we have an extra bit. I don't remember.
Speaker A: So I'm pretty sure people will buy the remote, but is it practical to have a voice recognition system in the remote control?
Speaker A: I think it's a big question.
Speaker A: Will people be willing to wait for the period that it will take to train the remote?
Speaker A: Because I think it will. The remote will get better over time with the same user.
Speaker A: But for the first week or for the first two weeks, are you willing to wait?
Speaker A: Are you willing to have a bad remote control?
Speaker A: And what if you have visitors come around?
Speaker A: They stay the night. They want to use the TV. They can't use the remote because they speak differently to you.
Speaker A: How do you account for regional accents and stuff like that?
Speaker A: Will people return the remote control? I think a lot of young people will buy the remote control if they have the money.
Speaker A: So do our audience have the money. But will they return it after a while because it's not as fast as pressing the button.
Speaker A: It's not practical. So these are things I think we should consider. I think it's cool.
Speaker B: He could just be up with it.
Speaker B: Sure. I'm about to end.
Speaker A: I think it's cool. But there are definitely some considerations.
Speaker B: Excellent.
Speaker B: Hear from the user interface designer now, I think.
Speaker B: Your presentation now is in the whole.
Speaker A: There was a website.
Speaker B: Technical functions.
Speaker A: I started making stuff up.
Speaker D: I read meme.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: This is a brief run through of the technical functions of the remote.
Speaker C: The presentation is already slightly obsolete because I had in mind something that would be aimed at controlling multiple devices.
Speaker C: But there's still stuff of relevance.
Speaker C: I've looked at a couple of other remote control models just for an idea of basic design principles.
Speaker C: And it wasn't really satisfied by what I have to say.
Speaker C: So it's more of a springboard for how these could be improved on.
Speaker C: Basically the job of the device is to send commands to an appliance, in this case the television set, to say you're getting off your backside.
Speaker C: And there's two main trends in the design practice.
Speaker C: On the one hand, this particularly relates to sort of earliest models where with so many buttons on it's about the size of the television set.
Speaker C: And every possible function that the device has the remote control controls and most of these functions are not going to be used.
Speaker C: It creates a rather user-unfriendly interface.
Speaker C: And there's a user-focused approach that pairs things down to just what is most likely to get used.
Speaker C: And of course there is a certain amount of loss of function here obviously, but mostly that's relatively peripheral functions.
Speaker C: And so you go for something that's fairly intuitive to use.
Speaker C: And for the most part, for TV remote, that would be channel control and volume.
Speaker C: And if you are one can cooperate to control a DVD or a VCR, put that into that little play-pause stop rewind.
Speaker C: Fast forward card so far.
Speaker C: My own user was definitely going for a user-focused design.
Speaker C: And I think that's something that is more programmable.
Speaker C: The full range of functions available to it, but you can then specify yourself what you're most likely to want.
Speaker C: So I like to have an user's idea, including a joystick in that, and possibly a fairly minimal number of function buttons.
Speaker C: And then you can do different modes for the device.
Speaker C: Again I was just going to write a principle from the
Speaker B: If we could hear from our industrial engineer.
Speaker D: Yeah, because I know. I'm still working as the fan got it finished.
Speaker D: What's it save?
Speaker D: What's it save?
Speaker B: If you look in the desktop, you'll find that there's a link to the project folder, or project documents.
Speaker B: If you save it now, we can open it up from here.
None: Right, hold on, what we're doing here is ended here.
Speaker D: And put it on here, damn sure.
Speaker D: I'm just gonna close it now.
Speaker D: I don't know where I'm saying, but.
Speaker A: I like if you go to one.
Speaker A: Oh whichever one it does today.
Speaker A: And just go ahead and say thanks.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: I'm responsible for a working design.
Speaker D: This is basically the inside going on of the remote control.
Speaker D: So you have the energy source.
Speaker D: You have the user interface.
Speaker D: This is what I've seen.
Speaker D: The sender will push the button.
Speaker D: The chip will respond.
Speaker D: And then the digital signal sent to the TV.
Speaker D: So if you go to the next slide, you'll see what do we need on the user interface.
Speaker D: Do we need many buttons?
Speaker D: Or do we need many light bulbs that could be easier to realize which appliances are on or not?
Speaker D: Or would that take too much power?
Speaker D: Or would we need more components in there to supply the power?
Speaker D: The joystick is another thing if we're gonna add that.
Speaker D: And there'll be more components to deal with that.
Speaker D: So we need to.
Speaker D: I don't know exactly what.
Speaker D: That's the design of the the layout of the electronic design.
Speaker D: But obviously there'll be more details once we decide what we're putting on the user interface.
Speaker D: Okay, so that would be decided, I guess.
Speaker D: And the next slide.
Speaker D: If you go to the next slide then, I just used the.
Speaker D: It was a mess.
Speaker D: I was just putting, I think it's together at the end there.
Speaker B: Don't worry about it at all, mate.
Speaker D: So you have the energy source, obviously connected to the chip and the user interface.
Speaker D: Obviously it contains everything.
Speaker D: If the switch turned it on, the infrared bulb will contact the TV and have whatever device or TV player will turn on.
Speaker D: So do we need on the control different buttons to decide?
Speaker D: Or different light bulbs?
Speaker D: It'll be easier.
Speaker D: I don't know what we should decide on that.
Speaker B: Okay, well, I'll show you.
Speaker B: No, it's just, yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, right.
Speaker B: We can probably skip that.
Speaker B: So we've had some stuff put forward along with the new user requirements.
Speaker B: So I'm not sure what kind of input I'd say so far.
Speaker B: I hear what the marketing experts saying about voice activated control.
Speaker B: However, I've got a couple of worries about that.
Speaker B: The power required and the ability to cost.
Speaker B: It seems like for an embedded system, this could cause issues.
Speaker B: For example, you see that there's fairly robust services on computers via via voice IBM do drag and dictate.
Speaker B: But these require a lot of memory and usually state quite advanced processor requirements.
Speaker B: Voice activation could be an interesting idea, but I think that our industrial designer would probably, upon some research, say that it's maybe not feasible.
Speaker B: That's just my view right now.
Speaker B: However, the idea of a joystick and then maybe an LCD, which has been kind of put forward so far.
Speaker B: It's almost like having a small TV to say.
Speaker B: So we can control almost all of the functionality from display.
Speaker B: I don't know how much power now CD would take, but it might be quite low.
Speaker D: I see the under a mouth just telling you what's on.
Speaker B: If you can imagine a display, maybe slightly larger than both on a mobile phone.
Speaker B: If you can read a fair amount of information traversed, maybe quite a few menus.
Speaker B: If we maybe use mobile phones as a good example, they usually incorporate the keypad and then all the other functionality is usually associated inside of traversing around.
Speaker B: That could be one possibility.
Speaker C: Then you could have the common buttons as you say, volume control, changing channels.
Speaker D: Do you think that people who get mixed up, looking at this screen, not screens, trying to get everything working would be the confusing?
Speaker C: I think that size of display was about what I had in mind.
Speaker C: So you probably would require to, most of the mobile phone display you see these days is coloured, but you should probably just stick to black and white.
Speaker C: It's simply to keep the unit cast down.
Speaker C: Colour could be a subsequent development that costs a bit of extra money.
Speaker B: That would be my feeling as well. I think we could possibly create quite useful user interface.
Speaker A: The idea of a remote with a menu and a joystick, I think if I was in a habit of buying remote controls, then I would want one.
Speaker A: But I think we don't have a specific audience.
Speaker A: What does our target audience want?
Speaker A: Are we trying to mark it in the corner? For whom is this intended? Everybody?
Speaker B: I think it could probably be aimed at most people who have used a mobile.
Speaker B: That might be just another way of saying, trying to target most people.
Speaker B: If we were to follow that avenue, we might be almost relying on their experience with a mobile phone, I suppose.
Speaker B: But that does cover a very large section of the people out there.
Speaker B: I imagine as well that the actual LCD and maybe to a certain extent the joystick as well would be for the additional functionality, which maybe doesn't get used as often.
Speaker B: Maybe it makes it easy for them to figure out how to change the channels as in the frequencies and such for reprogramming it.
Speaker B: You can still have the main buttons that allow the people to turn the machine on and off.
Speaker B: It depends. Maybe we have the joystick as a separate one for the other functions and there's just a small number of buttons that have already been defined.
Speaker B: We go for the nice standard up and down and volume control so that literally anybody can come along and pick up the remote and still know what to do.
Speaker B: It can completely ignore most of the functionality, which would be through the actual owner of the key VN who would normally use it in it.
Speaker C: The thing I like about the joystick is that you can then basically put it for a TV remote alone.
Speaker C: You can put the main thing people do with the TV or the volume of the channel.
Speaker C: You can back all that onto a single control.
Speaker C: If you wanted to access further functions, you then get some menu navigation.
Speaker C: Things like tuning in channels, adjusting brightness and fiddly things that no one will be bothered with.
Speaker C: Most TVs these days are childy-have menus anyway, so this would be a fairly rational way of integrating the remote with the devices controlling.
Speaker C: I don't know if it would be a concern about a market.
Speaker C: Most of the replacement remote control rationalization is 20 different devices.
Speaker C: You want one that will do the job of all of them.
Speaker C: If all you're replacing is one of the many remote you have in your living room, you still need separate remotes for everything else.
Speaker B: This is a requirement that we have to stick to.
Speaker B: I can understand your point and I would agree with you, but this is our design spec for now.
Speaker B: I would say so, because then we have to be able to control the remote boxes and that is a separate unit.
Speaker B: I would say the design spec we've been laid with is for the television only for now.
Speaker B: The joystick is just for differentness.
Speaker C: Maybe the market should be TV manufacturers from the public.
Speaker A: In Hyperim money we waste the remote that no one buys, you know, like if we made a perfect if we made the very remote we made someone bought it. We have to set a lot of remote controls. Is this is
Speaker B: going to be enough to sell? Well something else that you brought up was the ability to lose a remote which as you said you've done that we've probably all done. Yeah. I don't know if it's a gimmick or not but if any of you ever seen those odd little key rings where if you whistle it will beep and
Speaker A: you tell you where it is. I had one of those and my brother or my dad could have beat me up because it went off all the time accidentally. Well the other option of course is that the clapping one.
Speaker B: The what's going to say clapping digital telephones for example one unit has of course you have to have that base unit somewhere where there's a button but maybe it's a button that you attach to the TV. It's very relevant. Something which when you press that it would be to give its location away on the remote unit. I think that could be something could separate us a bit and that way because we're attaching what would be a small button to the TV again say what it would be a small transmitter, watch battery type scenario I'd say or something that if it was problems enough you could actually even just I don't power and elsewhere so that might be something that we could look into.
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah it's putting a lot on your shoulders there so I mean that could be something that separates us a bit from Mark as well. So to go on from here we have to decide exactly what we're going to do with the remote before we leave this meeting it'd be best to say this is what we're going this is the design we're going to try and get this is how we're going to make ourselves look unique.
Speaker B: Do we go for maybe a remote control sorry we're going to go for remote control obviously.
Speaker B: Do we go for a small joystick that would operate say changing channels up and down and then what another button that would say that it's now being used to maneuver around the LCD. Yeah.
Speaker D: Interesting volumes. Volumely important of the joystick do you think. We could use
Speaker B: say the left and right for changing channels and the up and down volume. Yeah but and we have a
Speaker A: frequency of how what people use a remote control for most. Okay. Power is used like once per hour channel selection is used 168 per hour that's by far the biggest one and then teletext is still
Speaker B: here that's 14. Go. I'm volume selection. Volume selection kit. Yep. The teletext we're gambling with we're going to say no it's dead. Okay. Wave the dodo. Yeah. So we well sorry we could maybe even go as far as saying power button small joystick LCD and then what maybe is it one more button to save it you're using the menu system and the possibility of pushing down on the joystick to say okay. So we're having very very few buttons involved navigation around a menu
Speaker C: for more things. I would say two function buttons the we're now using the menus button and an okay button. I mean something I found with the joystick on the joysticks on mobile phones is that a lot of the time the device mistakes you try to move it one direction or the other pushing down for okay.
Speaker C: Okay. That's really irritating. The other design constraint I think we should bear in mind is that people are very much used to using a remote control one-handedly so we need to make sure that even with the joystick something it can just sit comfortably in the palm of the hand and have the
Speaker B: joystick just control by the thumb. Okay. So I'd say that sounds like a rough idea. Do we incorporate the idea of trying to locate the remote control again via a beefing noise? Yeah. I think because
Speaker A: it's so small it might be and I mean if we only have like two or three buttons it might be essential
Speaker B: to have to be able to locate it again. Yeah. So that would require a transmitter maybe attached to the TV just so they says find me and what basically a small microphone on the actual unit can maybe hide it in the light bulb as well. So small speaker speaker. So yeah. Light bulb now to flash.
Speaker B: Now you'd see it anyway. We might be better with the sound possibly. Those little keyrings have both.
Speaker B: In true fact considering the cost of an LED we could just incorporate it anyway. The LEDs can be surprising on bright now. So by the sense of it what we're suggesting so far you design the user interface is still quite open. You could go for quite an interesting design because we're only going to have a very few and you've got you know a small LCD joystick. I think it leaves you open to a potential wide range of shapes something that can make it stand out slightly. If you could look into what we suggest to so far the feasibility of a small transmitter and such maybe if an LCD screen requires too much power or such. Every user. Mark and expert. Well I can give you the frequency.
Speaker A: What people what options people use most often I guess that's going to be important in defining the the software side of the interface right. You want to stuff that are more. If you could maybe as
Speaker B: well see what people think about the idea of this minimalist approach that we've taken where of a joystick to control the very basic functions and then the idea of manipulating it like you would a mobile. I don't know how easy that would be within the time frame but could be something we could maybe look into. Sure. Sure. Okay. Any last comments anybody would like to put forward anything that you think has been missed out. Bit of a wide open questionnaire of course. Feel free to email me if you think that we screwed something up and want to get it rectified as soon as possible.
Speaker D: Okay. So I should just look at the speaker about the speaker and the LED speaker and LED for locating.
Speaker C: Transmitter transmitter. One we thought about that. If we do end up trying to market this to television manufacturers then the transmitter could actually be built into the television.
Speaker B: Of course we're getting an external power source. Yeah that's quite true. And something that we can easily be adopted at the last minute as well. I'd say electronics can be either placed externally or internally. Big still difference to the final product of the actual remote control so that's good.
Speaker C: Maybe gives us a new potential market. If we get a major television manufacturer to say oh yeah we'll have that save us the bottle. Then that's vast amounts of sales. Oh one thing we've almost not
Speaker B: talked about at all my apologies for that. User interface we also need to maybe get the slogan in here. It's unpointing at my laptop. What in god? Real reaction and such. So as you put the fashion in electronics my apologies. No it could well be. I probably missed that. I think that's almost the last minute thing we can just incorporate into the actual plastic on top. So I'm not too concerned that we haven't gone into debt about that but it might be something you could consider when we're thinking about shapes. In fact we might like to put a slogan on and possibly two hours to
Speaker C: signify the company rather than real reaction. I thought the double arca perhaps be the end of
Speaker B: the video. Sounds good. And I'd say for that sauce for now. Okay.
