Speaker D: No, get this thing.
None: No it was up there and not here.
Speaker D: Now it's here and not there.
Speaker D: One more time, it should come up the right way around.
Speaker D: I'll just carry on.
Speaker D: This is the beginning of the third meeting, the conceptual design meeting.
Speaker D: Our agenda should be that we're opening the meeting.
Speaker D: I have the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared drive at this point and we should each have a presentation to make.
Speaker D: We have certain decisions to make and we have 40 minutes total.
Speaker D: It's 25 after 2 at the moment.
Speaker D: So 40 minutes is 5 after 3, which I'll be keeping an eye on the clock for us.
Speaker D: They're the decisions we have to turn to, but we'll come back to them in a minute after I take us to the minutes of the previous meeting.
None: Right.
Speaker D: As we remember, I opened the meeting before us were present.
Speaker D: The first meeting's minutes were reviewed and approved.
Speaker D: You presented a marketing research report which pretty much represented that 15 to 35 year olds has to be hand held power channel volume number keys, possibly your speech recognition.
Speaker D: Then Steph did the second presentation that those functions plus streamlining them with big user friendly keys that were easy to use.
Speaker D: I think all of us agreed with those things.
Speaker D: Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard that it should be a simple mass produced device because of the 12 and a half pence cost.
Speaker D: But we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point and the new requirements that it would be for TV only and that it includes the slogan and color of the corporate design being included.
Speaker D: The corporate image.
Speaker D: So we agreed that the target market would be 15 to 35 with more money than cents that were decision makers alternatively would be a manufacturer to enclose it with TV but it still should meet those parameters.
Speaker D: And the function we agreed was volume power numbers, enter channels, a way to move between channels, easy to use and hand held.
Speaker D: At that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition.
Speaker D: The current one is self-worth and Steph was going to look at ergonomics.
Speaker D: Kate was going to look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed and I was to type up these minutes and work on the final report.
Speaker D: Is this a fair presentation?
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Our last meeting was.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So we're ready to close that and go back to our that one.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: We're up to the point of the go back.
Speaker D: The three presentations.
Speaker D: So we're going to pull the plug on me and turn to Sarah.
Speaker D: Is that okay?
Speaker D: Is that right with everybody else?
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker D: Especially since Kate asked to be last.
Speaker D: Sarah, I'm sorry if I misspelled your name.
Speaker D: I didn't know what this S.A.R.A. or S.A.R.H.
Speaker D: You respond to whatever you get.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Did you do your yes to it?
Speaker D: Ah, there it is.
Speaker A: Ta-da.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I'm glad to see the marketing budget is being so well spent.
Speaker A: I think I appreciate the time to figure out Joyce has to go in.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker A: I think it's close.
Speaker C: I think that's a good idea.
Speaker D: Don't you?
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: It sounds like the covers that they use for the remote,
Speaker A: you know, your cell phone. Exactly.
Speaker A: I think that's something that's not a good idea.
Speaker A: It's something that's not a good idea.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker A: They actually make the use of spongy.
Speaker A: They can be in the midst of a fact.
Speaker A: They can start it.
Speaker A: And breathe.
Speaker A: Breathe.
Speaker A: Breathe.
Speaker A: Breathe.
Speaker A: Breathe.
Speaker A: It's an active thing for me.
Speaker A: It's a lot easier to get in and the remote can go.
Speaker A: It's a little bit easier to get in the window.
Speaker A: It's spongy, it's a little bit further in mind.
Speaker A: And the answer is, while the function has been with everyone from outside.
Speaker A: What we're talking about is changing the concept of everyone's happy to be the lead.
Speaker A: But then we are in the fact that we need a lead.
Speaker A: We are in the fact that we need a lead.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: That's the common concept of the concept of a lead.
Speaker D: Hmm.
Speaker D: Hmm.
Speaker D: Um.
Speaker D: In most families don't, isn't the remote use a remote?
Speaker A: But I think that this is a lot of things that have to be written in the past.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker A: So when your dad's sitting there overriding your decision going, no, we're going to watch this.
Speaker A: You can bring out your own remote and be like,
Speaker B: is that? No, we're going to watch this.
Speaker B: Well, actually some households do have three and four
Speaker D: TVs and they would have a remote for each one.
Speaker A: So this is a good idea. I think that's the reason that the open sound is being a little bit spongy.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think we're going to have some trouble when we get down to the component design.
Speaker C: Spongy is going to be difficult, I'm afraid.
Speaker B: Hmm. And as for, as for, um, well, budgeting as well. If we're going to have lots of different interchangeable components.
Speaker C: Is this ear to the market? Yeah. I mean, basically we can make these things out of wood, titanium, plastic or rubber. I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy.
Speaker C: I was thinking titanium.
Speaker B: I was thinking, it's just, I have been influenced by pictures of
Speaker A: the slides and they're also minimalistic, shiny.
Speaker D: Are we talking about the device itself or the, or a cover for the device that be an interchangeable cover as a separate product?
Speaker A: Well, it would be a very simple product.
Speaker D: Perhaps that's, that particular suggestion, you need to go back to management and perhaps go to another group to actually design as a separate product.
Speaker D: Let's delegate.
Speaker D: Would that be agreeable? Yeah.
Speaker C: Would it be helpful if I describe the components a bit because I think it would give you, um, maybe bring this discussion back to earth of what we can actually physically do.
Speaker D: Yeah, maybe. Do you want it if you next or you want Kate to go next?
Speaker B: I think possibly I might be more useful. Kate went next.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You can even have them in different flavors as well.
Speaker B: So if you just want to sit there and chew on the remote, it could be like
Speaker A: a pair of flavors. Yeah. Scratch and sniff.
Speaker C: Right. Well, I think some of this, um, you're going to be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you, but I'm afraid this is the real world.
Speaker C: So, um, I've been looking at the, the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate.
Speaker C: I've had some discussions with the manufacturing division who have told me what's actually available, what the current state of the art in components is and some of the exciting new things they've got, but I'm not sure of it.
Speaker C: It's quite, um, this isn't a very good overhead, but this is just to show you.
Speaker C: This is the earrings of a remote control.
Speaker C: I really need a pen or something, but I don't know how that works now.
Speaker C: Um, oh yeah. Can you see my little mouse pointer?
Speaker C: This is, this is a remote that's been opened up.
Speaker C: And that's the, the back of the interface.
Speaker C: And this is a push-button one. So you see these little, little buttons here, little rubber, rubber buttons that go through onto the board of the back. And they push these buttons here.
Speaker C: Um, and we, that's the basic construction that we've got to, got to accommodate. We've got to have something that pushes the little buttons that, um, talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the message to the receiver.
Speaker C: So, um, I want, I want to go through not, not just addressing the, um, the points that you made, Sarah, but, um, doing my presentation in the order I wrote it.
Speaker C: So, first of all, um, I want to talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source. Um, we can have your bog standard double A batteries, you know, replaceable little compartment. We can have a hand that's a wind up, a wind up, yeah. Which I think is quite an interesting concept for a, a remote control, but it maybe doesn't quite go with the, um, the fruit and veg.
Speaker C: Alright.
Speaker C: One, one that I think is quite interesting is the connection in the energy source where, um, you, you actually get the energy by moving the device, which is kind of like a nice neat one. You have to, it means that if it's sitting there for a long time, it probably won't work, but you have to sort of throw it between your hands every now and then. Or we, we had talked about solar power, but I think we agreed that that's not so good in the dark.
Speaker C: Now, I'm afraid this is the options we've got on, on the case. It can be made of plastic rubber, would if you like.
Speaker C: Or titanium. Um, and the nearest we've got to sponge you there, I guess is rubber, but, um, I'm going to come back to the advantage of titanium. And basically it can have a flat surface, a curved surface, or a double curved surface, but I think if we want to use standard components, we're going to have difficulty with anything much beyond that.
Speaker C: Okay, what does the interface look like? Um, well, push button, that's, that's the one we're all familiar with. Um, we can have scroll buttons and the scroll button can incorporate a push, so you can have it like on a mouse, where you can use it to go up and down, change volume or channel or something like that, and push to select something. Um, you can have multiple scroll buttons. Um, this is maybe getting a little bit complicated, but um, it's, if the technology is there. And we can also incorporate an LCD display in the remote, but this will increase the cost.
Speaker C: Um, the electronics actually makes the device work. We basically got three simple regular advanced and the price goes up, as we choose each of this. If we want the nice cheap one, the simple, then we can only have push buttons. All the other fancy interface designs go out the window, right? Um, pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons. If you want the advanced chip, it obviously costs more, but that's what you need if you want the LCD display. And the manufacturing division tell me that they have recently developed um, sample sensor, sample speaker devices. Now, I don't know what that is, but I think they think it's quite important and we might want to incorporate it somewhere. Um, our real expertise is in push buttons, I have to say, but maybe you think that's old technology. And well, I think we've got two options. We can either go for a really cheap model, people if we cost down, um, which means a flat plastic case with an ordinary battery and simple push buttons, or we can have something that looks a bit nicer, I think. Um, it might look like a pineapple, but um, they all may not have.
Speaker C: Um, but it could have an LCD screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons and it could have the company's new development of the sample sensor and speaker.
Speaker A: So, thank you.
Speaker A: Yeah, I'm
Speaker C: afraid I don't have that information available. Um, manufacturing can't actually give attention to any prices to any of this in the front.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Bare in mind it has to be the colors and styles of the company. So,
Speaker B: what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it. But, um, I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colors of the new reaction company.
Speaker B: It's just what I had understood. We've been going, that's before I heard about all this hot, hot, tips for the future fruit rice. We could, we could do a double curved
Speaker C: rubber one which would allow, um, say, a banana. But, um, unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that we have to have a push pull as the interface. We can't do anything else here.
Speaker B: Shall we wait till I, so I've showed you what, well, my extensive presentation on what sort of interfaces are available.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Thank you, Kate.
Speaker B: You did seem to include just in more detail what I've got though.
Speaker B: So, it's a bit pointless.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: And, uh, yes.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: I don't have a minor.
Speaker C: Do it again.
Speaker D: Keep doing it until you get it in both.
Speaker D: You get it there, you get it yours.
Speaker D: And then you get it for both.
None: Just do it again.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: This time I should come up with this.
Speaker B: Right then.
Speaker B: I don't actually have a huge amount of different information.
Speaker B: Can I say just that my method was to look at the, well, my, my inspirations, which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing, including MP3 players.
Speaker B: Like, you know, high-five robots, not just television, these things.
Speaker B: I mean, I think about the feature of each one is what functions we actually need and then how to group and arrange these on the actual, the actual plastic or rubber handheld piece.
Speaker B: I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel, which, right, I couldn't find the picture of the iPod on the link to web browser, I couldn't copy and paste it.
Speaker B: But it had a similar thing to this thing on the right.
Speaker B: It has scroll wheels without a display, but they scroll like a computer in the house.
Speaker B: I was thinking that a really simple interface was just a couple of scroll things on it.
Speaker B: And then instead of a display, the display could appear on the television screen.
Speaker B: Like, I guess, an existing sky or cable one does.
Speaker B: Like, you know, you press enter and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment.
Speaker B: And you can do, you can scroll along and it will show you what's on the next half hour.
Speaker B: And you scroll up and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching.
Speaker B: The same channel on the screen.
Speaker B: But I'm also eagerly taken with this chunky plastic kitty remote, which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice big, easy buttons to press, but still quite simple and quite cost effective.
Speaker B: So what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple, not fancy, but not totally minimalist.
Speaker B: I mean, just pretty simple plastic.
Speaker B: Probably I was thinking yellow and black just because that's the company's colours with very, very few buttons, but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen.
Speaker B: Like, you know, just small along the bottom.
Speaker B: Instead of having the iPod style display screen on the actual remote, which is quite expensive.
Speaker B: And when you've got a screen sitting there in front of you, you might as well have it appearing on the screen in front of you.
Speaker B: It doesn't obscure much of the actual picture you're watching.
Speaker B: And so on that you can just match in the same way as an existing sky remote.
Speaker B: Scroll along, scroll up and down.
Speaker B: And I definitely support these plastic and all rubber.
Speaker B: I mean, titanium would be great, but I think it might be a bit too expensive.
Speaker B: And too, kind of spacey. If we're trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic, then titanium is too futuristic.
Speaker C: It's difficult to make fancy shapes in it as well.
Speaker C: We can't pretty much have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately.
Speaker B: Whereas the plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else.
Speaker C: Then the having the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea because otherwise we're putting up the price, not only for putting building the LCD in, but for the electronics as well.
Speaker B: And it's a little bit pointless as well I think.
Speaker B: When you've got the screen there, it doesn't have to be anything fancy, just a little menu showing.
Speaker B: Yeah, a menu, going to a menu, it can have different options whether you want to change the settings, or the information about programme that's on at the moment.
Speaker B: I don't think that's too taxing to engineer.
Speaker B: But as for actually arranging them, let me go back to the picture of the kitty one.
Speaker B: And I quite like it because it's just smooth and hand-held and it's got these easily reachable buttons that quite nicely spaced out, so something a bit like that where buttons arranged in a circle up down left right.
Speaker B: Do you want to scroll buttons in there as well?
Speaker B: I was thinking not actually scroll like a mouse scroll, but you know, I can't quite describe it.
Speaker B: I think right, you see on the one on the right down at the bottom, the mouse, yeah, see where the mouse is, like this style thing where you have up down left and right.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: And enter in the middle, so you pick your menu and then your different options and when you click on each one, you can go into a new menu for that and get a bit specific here.
Speaker B: Really would have to use something to show you in nice part of design.
Speaker C: It's playing towards strengths which are in push-backing technology.
Speaker C: Here we are.
Speaker B: I think I can get up on the screen.
Speaker B: Here we go.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Well, the iPod spinning wheel is really complicated.
Speaker B: It does scroll, but it is hugely complicated.
Speaker B: But that's a good answer.
Speaker B: But they all have this feature of this.
Speaker B: It's not quite a scroll wheel, but it's a selection.
Speaker B: It's a kind of selection in this circle which I think is a really good idea, but we can implement it with simple push-backing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's just much cheaper, like up down left and right.
Speaker B: Which is good.
Speaker B: And then, yeah, so I mean either channel up and down, volume up and down, next up here in programs up and down.
Speaker B: And then also when you get to the different menus on the screen, it's got things like settings and contrast.
Speaker B: So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker C: In fact, look at this one.
Speaker C: Oh, that's really nice.
Speaker B: Almost impossible to miss place or lose.
Speaker A: Might take up your whole living room.
Speaker A: Possibly.
Speaker C: We could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you rather.
Speaker A: Or call it a banana.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Is there something else I need to bring to your attention?
Speaker B: Have you seen these on a remote?
Speaker B: This is actually the volume up and down, but they both say V on them.
Speaker B: Which, when you first look at it, you expect that to be the down because it looks like a downward pointing arrow.
Speaker B: But it's actually the V to indicate that it's the volume.
Speaker B: So we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down.
Speaker B: If we're having this scroll, then it's going to double up as all the other up and down functions.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: That's complicated.
Speaker D: I want to thank you all for all your presentations.
Speaker D: We have about 10 minutes left in which time we have to make some decisions on the remote control concepts.
Speaker D: And I think you all have been self stimulating of working together.
Speaker D: We need to come up with some specifics of the components, the materials, things like making the decision on the energy and the case and the interface type things.
Speaker D: So let's.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use, which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery, kinetic or solar.
Speaker D: This is where Kate's expertise comes in.
Speaker D: And our decision making will be a little bit guided by Kate at this point.
Speaker D: The you were saying that the kinetic would be useful.
Speaker D: That is you just have to move it so many you'd be able to use it as opposed to battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or keep replacing batteries.
Speaker D: Or solar that you have difficulty with it.
Speaker D: If it's a dark day that will die on you and no way to do it.
Speaker D: That's the day you want to use the TV.
Speaker D: So what's our pleasure here? What would be the cost consequences of each of the three?
Speaker C: Well, unfortunately I don't have constant information.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: In terms of workability, I think the two front runners are the standard battery or the kinetic.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'm going to show you. I don't have to figure out how to put some cost.
Speaker A: What's the feeling for the group on the kinetic?
Speaker B: It sounds great. I've never come across it before, but it sounds fantastic.
Speaker B: It sounds like it could be really good, economical.
Speaker B: It would make the whole thing a lot lighter.
Speaker A: Hmm.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's really quite attractive thought, isn't it?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So the consensus seems to be used to kinetic, gifted to all possible.
Speaker D: But it does depend how much it costs.
Speaker B: I mean, how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs.
Speaker C: And how much you do have to keep it moving.
Speaker C: I'm conscious that watching TV can be called as a disability.
Speaker B: Do you exercise as well? You're watching the TV.
Speaker B: Yeah.
None: More environmentally friendly.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: So I just think it is a thanks for the monger for five minutes to finish.
Speaker D: The next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision.
Speaker C: Oh, right. Okay.
Speaker C: That's something I maybe should have covered.
Speaker C: Chip on print is just a manufacturing technique.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: And I would certainly recommend it, I think, because I'm not sure I have an alternative.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: What about the way we progress?
Speaker C: Oh, the way we progress.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker D: What about the case?
Speaker D: I think they're talking there about do we want wood plastic titanium or rubber?
Speaker D: And I think we've discussed not having titanium one is too expensive.
Speaker D: And second, it won't do this double curves.
Speaker D: So we've got a lot of aluminum with sort of eliminated wood.
Speaker D: You said plastic or rubber.
Speaker C: What's the pleasure?
Speaker C: Well, if there's key spongy feel, the rubber that we're talking about is the same as you have in those little stress bones.
Speaker B: So what about you?
Speaker B: Do you not think it might need a kind of hard plastic in our shell with the actual delicate workings inside?
Speaker B: And then a kind of spongy cover.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's thick, spongy cover.
Speaker B: So it feels like the whole thing is spongy, but actually you're not damaging anything by plastic in size.
Speaker C: Because I mean, I carried away with the texture to get about whether that's actually possible, but I agree it sounds like a nice idea to produce.
Speaker B: You didn't get that carried away with things that attack tile.
Speaker B: Hmm, it's still good.
Speaker D: The next part they want is the user interface concept.
Speaker D: I'm sorry to push you, but we only have a couple minutes to finish with.
Speaker D: Okay, and it says interface.
Speaker D: What type and what supplements?
Speaker B: I'll just copy the one on the left.
Speaker B: Well, like four buttons up, down, left and right, with enter in the middle,
Speaker C: that will correspond to a menu on the screen. Which I think technically is just push button.
Speaker C: Yeah, I'd like to push button.
Speaker C: It's something we're going to accompany the next one.
Speaker D: So push bones.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: This is going to sound weird, but the next meeting starts 30 minutes.
Speaker D: And they actually want a look and feel design user interface design.
Speaker D: You can look and see this as well as I can marketing.
Speaker D: They want product evaluation.
Speaker D: Oh, oh my, I'm sorry.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker D: Sorry about that.
Speaker D: Missed that one.
Speaker D: This ought to be fun trying to get this thing to work.
Speaker B: Ah, ta-da.
None: Ah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the company is the next project should design a better overhead device.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Because I can't even see mine.
Speaker D: Next meeting starts in 30 minutes.
Speaker D: These are the individual actions.
Speaker D: Yeah, right.
Speaker D: The look and feel design is for Kate.
Speaker D: Steph gets the user interface design.
Speaker D: You give product evaluation.
Speaker D: The two of you get to play with the plot modeling play to do a prototype.
Speaker D: And everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way.
Speaker D: Anything else we need to do?
Speaker D: Go to it.
Speaker D: And that's the end of this meeting.
Speaker D: That's for her benefit.
Speaker C: No.
None: No.
None: No.
None: No.
None: No.
None: No.
None: No.
