Speaker C: I want to find out if our work works.
Speaker C: Me too.
Speaker C: Oh.
Speaker C: So I...
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker B: Here's the agenda for our last meeting.
Speaker B: After the opening, we're going to have a prototype presentation.
Speaker B: Then we're going to discuss the evaluation criteria and the financing of our remote.
Speaker B: Then we're going to evaluate the product and I think the whole production process.
Speaker B: And then we're going to close it up and we have 40 minutes.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker B: Oh.
None: Nope.
Speaker B: Let's have a prototype presentation.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Ready?
Speaker D: Sure.
Speaker D: You are me.
Speaker D: Yee.
Speaker A: You read that stuff since you wrote it.
Speaker D: Well, since our materials aren't exactly what we were going for.
Speaker D: I'm just going to translate what this all means for you.
Speaker D: The base is going to be gunmetal-glory, which is what we decided.
Speaker D: It's going to be plastic.
Speaker D: Then there's the latex cover, which is what you see as red.
Speaker D: Because it can be replaceable, we just kind of went with the color.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: And then the buttons are actually kind of poking through rather than on top.
Speaker D: And the buttons will be much lighter blue.
Speaker D: Almost see-through.
Speaker D: And the whole thing lights up, you should press any button rather than just that one button or a light up.
Speaker D: And then at the bottom we have our logo.
Speaker D: Bright yellow is sort of designed with the RR, which will actually look like our logo.
Speaker D: And then on the side you have the buttons.
Speaker D: And they're one button, but they kind of push up and down.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And then they're screwing.
Speaker A: Nope.
Speaker D: They're just buttons, right?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And then the buttons.
Speaker A: On-off switch will be here.
Speaker A: And as you've noticed on our prototype, they've ended up with a curvature kind of biconcave sort of thing, because I can't see underneath.
Speaker A: So I'm hoping that when we get to production we can actually make them like that, because they're very nice to stock.
Speaker A: Stick your fingering.
Speaker A: The two squared buttons are to probably least used menu, mute.
Speaker A: And then these are the numbers.
Speaker A: So our channel and our volume will be on either side.
Speaker D: And then the last thing is just that it'll be black labeling on top.
Speaker D: Just...
Speaker B: And did you determine the curvature of the bottom part of it, or the hand is going to be a single or a double?
Speaker B: It's a single, single, single, single, single, because it's not big enough to really constitute
Speaker A: a double. It's only actually the size of my hand.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker B: I think you did an awesome job.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think it's beautiful.
Speaker B: It is beautiful.
Speaker B: And it's everything that we discussed.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Good job, you guys.
Speaker B: Good job.
Speaker B: That was really good.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: What's next in our agenda?
Speaker B: We're going to discuss the evaluation criteria, and that's with Courtney.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It's PowerPoint presentation.
Speaker C: I don't really know exactly what we should talk about.
Speaker C: It's under evaluation.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: So these are the criteria we're going to ask.
Speaker C: Is it easy to use?
Speaker C: Is it fashionable?
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess we should write these down.
Speaker C: We should reference them.
Speaker D: Feel good meaning or?
Speaker C: Like, does it feel good?
Speaker C: Physically.
None: Yeah, physically.
Speaker C: That's just for current trends.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: It doesn't really count, you guys.
Speaker A: Yeah, it's a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But so we do have removable covers, right?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah, well then that's correct.
Speaker C: And so we can, everybody have that?
Speaker C: Oh, wait.
Speaker C: Yeah, she's got it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay, so we're using the criteria for some point scale.
Speaker C: And so we need to discuss how we feel it falls within this range.
Speaker C: So for easy to use.
Speaker C: Do we feel it's very easy to use?
Speaker C: Are we going to?
Speaker B: I say we individually, right?
Speaker B: What do you guys just really?
Speaker B: Why not?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Easy to use.
Speaker B: I vote six.
Speaker B: Oh, wait.
Speaker A: That's false.
Speaker A: Two.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I'd say two as well.
Speaker A: Yeah, two.
Speaker C: Two.
Speaker C: That's what I say.
Speaker C: Hello.
Speaker C: We're great.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Fashionable.
Speaker C: At the moment?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: No, I mean like no.
Speaker C: I think it's very fashionable.
Speaker C: Very chic.
Speaker C: I would give it a one.
Speaker A: One.
Speaker A: I'll give it a two because at the moment it's not looking that way.
Speaker C: Well, that's just like a prototype.
Speaker C: That's a clay.
Speaker D: It's a prototype.
Speaker D: What do you think?
Speaker D: I don't know if that's a life.
Speaker D: Give it like three or four.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So the average is about a two.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Two.
Speaker C: Two points.
Speaker C: That's okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: All the customers we have.
Speaker B: Does it feel good?
Speaker B: Imagine.
Speaker B: Since we obviously don't have that.
Speaker A: I feel like the shape of it actually does.
Speaker B: And it's it is very ergonomically designed.
Speaker B: It's going to be curved.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's going to be thicker.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think it feels good.
Speaker C: I think so too.
Speaker C: I'll give it a two.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Two.
Speaker B: I'll give it a one.
None: What do you say?
Speaker A: I'd say two.
Speaker A: I can average just two.
Speaker B: Is it technologically innovative?
Speaker B: I'm sorry, I'm taking over your job.
Speaker B: Oh no, it's fine.
Speaker B: You're writing it.
Speaker B: You're a project manager.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I mean, does it have voice?
Speaker C: I mean, the phrase recognition on it?
None: Yes.
None: Right.
Speaker B: We were able to do it with that kind of chip.
Speaker B: Oh, right.
Speaker A: We could do it with the chip.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: It wasn't.
Speaker A: We had no reflection of it.
Speaker A: There's no reflection of it on the prototype.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: That's because it's way too dimension.
Speaker B: And we discussed that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So then yes, then I would, well, it doesn't, what else would it need to be technologically innovative?
Speaker B: Well, we don't have the, you know, we can't say channel.
Speaker B: It changes the channel.
Speaker C: And it doesn't cover anything other than TV.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So I'd probably give it a three.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Even though it is for just a TV remote, it's very advanced.
Speaker C: But it is just a TV remote.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'd go for a three or four on that one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Let's go for a three point five.
Speaker B: Three and a half.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: And the last criteria, is it, is it.
Speaker B: Squishy and fruity.
Speaker B: Well, we've covered that with these.
Speaker B: We'll try and do you base it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I'd give it a two.
Speaker A: It's capable of being.
Speaker A: Oh, very, very beautiful.
Speaker C: Squishy and fruity.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And it's very important.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Next.
Speaker C: So, our model slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie appears to be winner.
Speaker C: And hopefully we'll sell millions.
Speaker C: Good job team.
Speaker A: How did you get that in there?
Speaker A: What?
Speaker A: Slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie.
Speaker A: It does.
Speaker B: It was good.
Speaker B: Thanks.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Let's go back to this.
None: No.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker B: Oops.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: So now we're moving on to finance.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I'm going to show you an Excel spreadsheet.
Speaker B: And we're going to fill it in together based on what components we're including in our remote and see if it's under 1250 euro.
Speaker B: If so, we can proceed.
Speaker B: If not, we need to go back to the drawing board a little bit.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Let me bring that up.
Speaker B: Here we go.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: It's not a hand on.
Speaker B: It's powered by battery.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: So we give it a two number of components you plan to use.
Speaker B: Did I just put quantity being one battery or?
Speaker B: Do you want to go for this is where we need to make the final call.
Speaker B: If it's a lithium or you want to go triple A's because triple A's we're going to have to do more than one battery.
Speaker B: Oh, let's just go for it.
Speaker B: Lithium.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Let's do a lithium.
Speaker B: I think we're going to be able to purchase this are going to be technologically advanced.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Down to the electronics section.
Speaker B: We're going to need this kind.
Speaker B: Correct.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Voice sensor.
Speaker B: So one of those.
Speaker B: It is a single curve.
Speaker B: So one of those.
Speaker B: Oh, what's that?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's correct.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Down here.
Speaker A: Voice material.
Speaker B: Plastic.
Speaker B: And special color.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Down here.
Speaker B: Interface type.
Speaker B: We're going to have the integrated scroll.
Speaker B: Scroll.
Speaker A: Oh, those are just regular.
Speaker A: But it's a push button too.
Speaker A: Right there.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: So integrated scroll wheel or push button.
Speaker A: We're really having just push button interface.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So we can just go.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: But will we.
Speaker C: Actually, we'll need to won't we one for the top and then one for this one for each side.
Speaker A: But that just covers the type of button we're having.
Speaker A: Because we're not doing a scroll on the side.
Speaker A: So push button.
Speaker D: I think that 29 means like you have both scrolls and push button.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: I think what Courtney's talking about is do we need to put like here.
Speaker C: Because there's like one interface right here and then because it's not going to be on the same plane when you press the button.
Speaker C: You have to be additional signals on the side.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So is that going to be an extra one on each side?
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker B: That might put us well.
Speaker B: Let's just.
Speaker D: Two or three because of one each side and one on top.
Speaker C: I mean, it's fine.
Speaker C: It comes out the same as 29.
Speaker C: We'll less than 29.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And we're going to button supplements.
Speaker B: The buttons are not their special color.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: They're special form.
Speaker C: They're indented.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: And there's special material.
Speaker B: Well, we're under costs then.
Speaker B: Over.
Speaker B: Over.
Speaker B: 12.5 is our limit.
Speaker B: Got 11.2.
Speaker A: So we can go to production.
Speaker A: We can go to.
Speaker B: I don't know what I just did.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Now we're going to talk about the project process and whether or not we're satisfied with the whole process and the result.
Speaker B: Did we have a lot of room for creativity?
Speaker B: Did we have a lot of room for individual leadership?
Speaker B: Teamwork and the means, meaning technology that we use to produce our little guy there?
Speaker B: And if we found a new ideas.
Speaker B: Now, the question is how do we do this?
None: Go back.
Speaker C: I think we just discussed it.
Speaker B: Discuss, sure.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Who would like to go first?
Speaker A: I think we got stifled for creativity by the company itself.
Speaker A: In restricting assembly to using a TV remote.
Speaker A: Initially.
Speaker D: Oh, that's true.
Speaker D: And no internet.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: No, yeah, that's a good point.
Speaker C: Because I've forgotten that that was an art decision.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: And how did you feel about the whole process though?
Speaker C: Oh, overall, I mean, I thought we did a good job.
Speaker C: Like, we got to choose basically a control over minus of being just merely a TV remote.
Speaker C: We got to choose what we wanted to do with it.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: And we got to say over how technologically advanced it should be and also how fashionable.
Speaker B: Which I kind of am more fashionable for like technology.
Speaker B: Yep.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker B: What about the teamwork aspect?
Speaker B: How did you guys enjoy making the model the prototype?
Speaker B: I think we did well.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think you did.
Speaker B: Did you work well together in there?
Speaker B: Well, no, there was someone fighting.
Speaker A: They were scratching it.
Speaker A: Oh, my.
Speaker B: And we've all been a pretty congenial team here.
Speaker B: I think we have many many.
Speaker C: I mean, I'm fine with you guys being like, what is it?
Speaker C: The survey annoying or irritating?
Speaker C: Wow, that's a definitely a strong one.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: The means the whiteboard didn't work.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I'll go into that.
Speaker B: Have to knock that one down.
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I'll just.
Speaker A: And her friend here really feels strongly about the internet.
Speaker A: And they're so much available.
Speaker C: The digital panels.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Digital panels.
Speaker B: They were really fine.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: They're fun.
Speaker C: You know, I'm not really sure what I could do with them, but they are awesome.
Speaker A: These are the laptops for receiving everything.
Speaker A: Right.
Speaker A: Wireless too.
Speaker A: Wireless.
Speaker B: And that we have a shared network where we can put all of them.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And let's not forget sexy dual microphones.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And big brother.
Speaker B: Big brother.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Have we found any new ideas through this process?
Speaker C: We are really going to sell this.
Speaker B: For something that looks cool and also has what I want it to do technologically.
Speaker B: And that's your right brain taking over wanting the artistic, the fashionable, the hip.
Speaker B: You know, if we all just went out and bought useful things, I don't think.
Speaker D: I mean, that's why I don't like a Max or apples, just because I look at it.
Speaker D: I know it's probably a very good computer, but I look at it and I'm taking back to elementary school because they look the same.
Speaker D: They look like they did when I was in elementary school.
Speaker A: Yeah, because they're pretty and just like the term of district school would only use his Max with their kids exactly.
Speaker D: So I associate them with like really low tech, really cheap back font.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But I do like I pods go for you.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: No, I pods.
Speaker A: They want all those words for you.
Speaker A: I pods are now quite trendy and they come in different colors.
Speaker B: Exactly.
Speaker B: I mean, how many people went out and bought a Nokia phone back when we were like in high school, just they could get the changeable faceplates.
Speaker B: Oh, yeah.
Speaker B: Everybody.
Speaker B: Anyway, so that.
Speaker D: I didn't have a phone until you got one issue.
Speaker D: It's just like the whole it's for TV only.
Speaker D: I was like, who's going to buy a remote just for the TV unless they've lost theirs.
Speaker C: Look at it.
Speaker C: That is a fashionable sheet.
Speaker B: People.
Speaker C: Whoa.
Speaker C: Working director says, yeah.
Speaker C: Special people.
Speaker D: Working has to actually create the desire for it.
Speaker D: Oh, I will.
Speaker D: That's okay.
Speaker A: We can create a commercial where they think that all their needs will be met.
Speaker A: This will help them find the one.
Speaker A: They'll be sexy with it.
Speaker C: We have a type of commercial and that's the fig leaf.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: That'll sell.
Speaker A: And so the serpent says use our remote.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We're going to wrap this up now.
Speaker B: The costs are within the budget.
Speaker B: We evaluated the project and now we're going to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary and then we're going to have a big giant party parent like four to this.
Speaker B: So.
Speaker B: Great.
Speaker B: Thank you, team.
Speaker A: Great job.
Speaker B: It was lovely working with you.
Speaker A: You too.
Speaker A: Yay.
Speaker A: Thanks to the project leader.
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: We knew.
