Speaker E: Any good here?
Speaker E: Okay. Hello everyone.
Speaker E: Hi.
Speaker E: How are we doing?
Speaker E: Yeah, good.
Speaker E: First, we're going over the minutes of the last meeting, more or less.
Speaker E: In the last meeting, the marketing manager had presented her method of working, meaning gathering suggestions from everyone to see how she best could market this product within the budget that was given.
Speaker E: In general, the idea is that it should be something that is not difficult to use.
Speaker E: It's also an item that people lose a lot, so we should address that.
Speaker E: And of course it should be something that is very simple to use.
Speaker E: In addition to that, to make it sell, of course, the marketing manager wishes that it be very attractive, or like she says, put some sizzle into it in one way or another, so that the people are buying it now because in particular with smaller items, that's a very important fact, because if they say, well, I go home and think about it, that won't work.
Speaker E: Also mentioned was it should have a very short learning curve, and maybe it could be sold by using a slogan.
Speaker E: Our technical manager has then said that he feels it should have a chip that has infrared bits, and it has an interface that controls the chip. Therefore messages will be controlled in the same manner.
Speaker E: There should be extra features like lid buttons, maybe a beep.
Speaker E: If too many buttons are pressed, a child lock, and maybe a display clock, so that people could see the time, you know, what show they want to watch.
Speaker E: Also mentioned was maybe different shapes.
Speaker E: So the components of the thing should be button, bulbs, infrared bulbs, battery chips, wires, and maybe some kind of a holder for the item.
Speaker E: Pranchina, who is our interface designer, has mentioned that the, of course, should have an on-off button, and also has mentioned an interesting feature that it should have maybe a channel lock, particularly with maybe small children that they couldn't watch a channel that is undesirable.
Speaker E: It should be compact, her personal favorite was it should be T-shaped, and maybe having an alarm clock and the material should possibly be of non-allergic nature.
Speaker E: The different systems that exist are infrared or radio waves, maybe it should have electricity saving feature, and even possibly a timer so that people can program their favorite program on right from the remote.
Speaker E: Are we all in agreement that that's bad?
Speaker E: What we discussed last time?
Speaker E: Okay, I got pretty much the same.
Speaker E: Okay, then we are looking for three presentations, and I don't know whether the order matters much.
Speaker E: I don't think so.
Speaker E: So whoever wants to...
Speaker E: I can stop.
Speaker E: Yeah, okay.
Speaker B: Am I asleep, please?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Come on, close already.
Speaker E: And that's number two, right?
Speaker E: Three.
Speaker B: Three.
Speaker B: But it's been three.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker B: Now as an interface designer, I would give more emphasis on the interface, how the remote looks like, so that it is sellable, it is attractive to customers.
Speaker B: Next, please.
Speaker B: Okay, now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television.
Speaker B: This messages could be a switch on-off message, or switch to next channel message, or swapping the channels, or switching on to a particular channel.
Speaker B: Like you can have the numbers one, two, three, four, up to nine.
Speaker E: Nine, what, nine channel switches?
Speaker E: Pardon me?
Speaker B: Nine channel switches?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Nine numbers.
Speaker B: And then you have swapping button, by which using which you can swap the channels.
Speaker B: If you don't want to see the third channel, you can swap it to the fourth channel, or vice versa.
Speaker B: Then it should have a next button, a next button channel, by which you can keep on scrolling the channels one by one.
Speaker B: Next slide, please.
Speaker B: Then you should have a button which can be used for increasing or decreasing the volume.
Speaker B: Then there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program, which is going on a television.
Speaker B: For example, if you are watching a French program and you would like to have a subtitles in English, then there should be a channel which can trigger this mechanism in the television, so that the subtitles on the screen.
Speaker B: Then there should be some buttons which can control features like the color of the picture, the contrast, sharpness, brightness of the picture.
Speaker B: Now there should be a memory switch.
Speaker B: There should be a mute button.
Speaker B: Suddenly if a viewer gets a telephone call, and if he doesn't want to switch off the TV, but he can reduce the sound.
Speaker B: He can bring the volume down and he can watch, while talking he can watch the TV.
Speaker B: Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature.
Speaker B: It's an integrated programmable sample sensor speaker unit.
Speaker B: So remote can be designed which can have the voice recognises.
Speaker B: You can record your own voice, which can be recognised by a voice recogniser in the television.
Speaker B: For example, if you want to see the ninth channel, if you say just say ninth channel, the remote will automatically switch to the ninth channel.
Speaker B: So the TV will have some recognises which will recognise the user's voice, and accordingly it will change its functionality.
Speaker B: So this is one of the very important features a remote control can have.
Speaker B: So this is one of the interface which can be created.
Speaker B: A very simple interface which has all the important features.
Speaker B: Then these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour, but they have many buttons.
Speaker B: So sometimes the user finds it very difficult to recognise which button is for what function and all that.
Speaker B: So you can design an interface which is very simple and which is user friendly.
Speaker B: Even a kid can use that.
Speaker B: So can you go on to the next slide?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this voice recogniser.
Speaker B: And this has multi-purpose use.
Speaker B: It can be used for TV, it can be used for cable satellites, it can be used for VCR DVDs and audio.
Speaker B: And this has inbuilt voice recogniser.
Speaker B: Can you go on to the next slide?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now this is an interface for a remote which a child can use.
Speaker B: This is user friendly, it's very attractive and children can use it as well as they can play with it.
Speaker B: And this comes with different colours, different shapes.
Speaker B: And this child interface has minimum buttons and all the important buttons are there in this small compact attractive child interface.
Speaker B: Next slide please.
Speaker B: Now this is a big oversized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to display.
Speaker B: I'm sorry.
Speaker C: You don't know me.
Speaker C: I can lose that in a minute.
Speaker C: This is a very big container.
Speaker B: Let's play with it anyway.
Speaker B: So this is a Jambu universal remote control and it's impossible to misplace or lose.
Speaker B: This is one such interface which can be created.
Speaker B: And the personal preference would be to incorporate speech recognises which will respond to users voice for a particular function.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: That's it.
Speaker E: Okay. Thank you very much.
Speaker E: Any comments on her presentation?
Speaker D: Well, looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there.
Speaker D: I'm no suggestion is bad but we're going to have to narrow it down a little more.
Speaker D: I don't think that we can get the T-shape is good, the child one is good.
Speaker D: It's a too big to misplace, I think it's just funny.
Speaker D: I don't think that's going to be our impulse purchase at the checkout counter.
Speaker E: No, I think these are her presentations but as far as the decision making we get to that.
Speaker E: I'll come back to that later.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: But if I just wanted to know whether anybody had anything to add to her presentation.
Speaker D: No, I think her presentation was good and she really explored all the options.
Speaker E: Who wants to go next?
None: Okay.
Speaker A: The next one.
Speaker A: Oops.
Speaker E: The components design.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: This time I'm going to concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design.
Speaker A: Can we go on to the next slide please.
Speaker A: I have just brief down a few components which we require for the remote control construction.
Speaker A: The first one is case to keep all the components like integrated circuit, battery etc.
Speaker A: It can be a plastic one, hard plastic so that it can be strong even if it falls down then it doesn't break.
Speaker A: So it should be strong and there are no harmful materials used in that and it should be recyclable.
Speaker A: And also using of coloring compounds like if we want to have different colors blue, red, green.
Speaker A: So we have to use some coloring component components.
Speaker A: And the second important thing is integrated circuit.
Speaker A: We can use a highly sophisticated one because it's like the heart of the remote controller.
Speaker A: If it is not efficient then everything is going to be less efficient.
Speaker A: So we should have a highly sophisticated one and it should be resistant to high as well as low temperatures.
Speaker A: Suppose if it is 38 degrees outside, 40 degrees outside it should be able to resist the temperature high temperature and low temperatures.
Speaker A: And it should be equipped with timer and alarm facility.
Speaker A: And the other component we have in the remote controller is a resistor which is very much important for the electricity flow through the remote controller.
Speaker A: And also a capacitor which is a battery capacitor. Can you go to the next slide please?
Speaker A: A diode, a transistor, a resonator. These are all the technical electronic components which we have to use in a remote controller.
Speaker A: If we need to make a rechargeable battery then we need not go for a high performance battery.
Speaker A: Even if it is a low performance battery it can't charge much. It's not a high voltage battery.
Speaker A: If it is a rechargeable one then people can use it for a long time.
Speaker A: So in that way we can cut the cost but that we have to make the battery as rechargeable one.
Speaker A: And we have a circuit board in a remote controller. Can you go to the next slide please?
Speaker A: And how it works, how the remote controller works.
Speaker A: When you press a button...
Speaker E: Go away.
Speaker A: When you press a button, when you do that you complete a specific connection.
Speaker A: That means when you press a button there will be a small circuit underneath the button and it will send some signals through the wires.
Speaker A: And then the chip will send that connection and knows that which button is pressed.
Speaker A: Suppose you have pressed channel 1 button, number 1 you have pressed.
Speaker A: Then the chip will know that the number 1 button was pressed. It produces a more score line signal specific to that button.
Speaker A: Every button, every individual button has its own more score.
Speaker A: Suppose the user has pressed button 1 then it will have a circuit will generate a specific more score to that button.
Speaker A: And the transistor will amplify the signal and send them to the LED which translates the signal into infrared light.
Speaker A: Like you have got a signal by pressing a button that more score has been generated by the integrated circuit.
Speaker A: Now that signal that more score has to be amplified by the transistor.
Speaker A: That is the use of transistor which we use in the remote controller.
Speaker A: It will amplify the signal and it will send it to the LED and which translates the signal into an infrared bits.
Speaker A: The sensor in the TV can see the infrared light and seeing the signal, it reacts appropriately.
Speaker A: That when it sees the amplified more score signal then it will know which action it has to do.
Speaker A: Then it will do the appropriate action.
Speaker A: So this is how the remote controller works.
Speaker A: Can I go to the next slide please?
Speaker A: I have few pictures when you look at the remote controller.
Speaker A: This is a normal remote controller.
Speaker A: And to the next slide please.
Speaker A: And we had a few buttons and all.
Speaker A: And if you open the remote controller you have this circuit board and few electronic components.
Speaker A: Like you can see a chip there which is having 18 pins and also a capacitor, 3 resistors and also resonator.
Speaker A: And the diode transistor.
Speaker A: All of the electronic components have all those things like chip and diode transistors.
Speaker A: You can see the TA, double 1, 8, 3, 5 labeled as chip.
Speaker A: You can also see the green things are resistors and just beside that you can see a transistor.
Speaker A: And the cylinder shape that one is a capacitor and also there are resistors.
Speaker A: Sorry, there is a diode.
Speaker A: Can you go on to the next slide?
Speaker A: So this is the circuit board.
Speaker A: In one is a circuit board.
Speaker A: A building a circuit board is pretty easy and also inexpensive.
Speaker A: It costs less than what you print on a paper.
Speaker A: Because when you are building some circuits and also wires it is better to go for printing.
Speaker A: Because you can build these kind of circuit boards on a bulk and it is just printing.
Speaker A: Nothing like you know you do not need to use wires and all.
Speaker A: It is not exactly wires we are using.
Speaker A: It is just printing something on a board.
Speaker A: Those prints will act as wires and circuits.
Speaker A: So that green thing is a circuit board.
Speaker A: And also you can see there are like access for buttons.
Speaker A: Like when you press a button the circuit under the button will be activated.
Speaker A: It will get some signals from it and it will send the signals to the integrated circuit.
Speaker A: Can you go to the next slide please?
Speaker A: So these are the circuits underneath the buttons.
Speaker A: Can you see the black round marks?
Speaker A: They are the circuits.
Speaker A: Next please.
Speaker A: And like we have designed before we have seen some few things like instead of buttons we have some scrolls.
Speaker A: But a push button requires a simple chip underneath it.
Speaker A: But whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range.
Speaker A: Like for scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and full complete chip.
Speaker A: And as energy source we offer a basic battery.
Speaker A: More engineers are hard dynamo.
Speaker A: A kinetic provision of energy.
Speaker A: Modern watches that you shake casually to provide energy.
Speaker A: So with that also we can have in a battery or we can use solar cells.
Speaker D: That's interesting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: The product can be delivered into different cases.
Speaker A: Usually the cases uncarved flat that we see usually normal remote controller.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: You have more pictures.
Speaker E: We have five minutes to the end of the meeting.
Speaker A: Maybe I have just one more slide I think.
Speaker A: Like we can have materials such as plastic, rubber wood, titanium but titanium we can't use.
Speaker A: And also for electronics we can use a simple and regular or an advanced chip on the print.
Speaker A: Also it includes infrared sander.
Speaker A: And for the movie just to develop samples and so to speak sample speaker.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's it.
Speaker A: That's all for me now.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Thank you.
Speaker E: Any particular comments by anybody?
Speaker D: On the scroll on the push button.
Speaker D: Can you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: The scrolling was different.
Speaker A: Like you can go for switches like buttons or scrolls which we used to do before 10 years before I think now nobody uses it because you need a sophisticated chip and all.
Speaker A: So I think it's better we go for ordinary buttons.
Speaker D: We'll just go for push buttons for interest of cost.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: We don't have a lot of time left and we will still have to make a decision at the marketing.
Speaker E: Expert has to present her.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker F: You're right in my next slide.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: My method is I'm interested in what the competition is doing and want to see how we can make ourselves different from the competition.
Speaker D: So I've really been looking at the press and the ads that are out there for other remote controllers.
Speaker D: I spend a lot of time on the internet surfing around doing the same thing.
Speaker D: And then when I'm out in people's houses or meetings or anything like that.
Speaker D: I try to notice what kind of remote controls people have.
Speaker D: And if it's convenient in the conversation I ask about it.
Speaker D: And I would encourage you all to do the same.
Speaker D: And my findings from this is that, you know, small is beautiful.
Speaker D: People like something that really fits in their hand.
Speaker D: Simple is beautiful.
Speaker D: They don't want to have to squint at small print.
Speaker D: They want buttons whose functions are obvious and they want as few buttons as possible.
Speaker D: And they don't care for the mode thing.
Speaker D: They want each button to do something.
Speaker D: And eye catching is important.
Speaker D: It's got to look cute.
Speaker D: It's got to look appealing.
Speaker D: Go ahead.
Speaker D: I'm trying to finish fast for you.
Speaker D: And our preference is as far as I'm concerned, we've got to get to the market before the competition.
Speaker D: Ours has to be look really great and it has to come out before the others so that we have a leg up on time to sell it and push it before other people get out there Christmas item.
Speaker D: And we should develop one or two features we can really dwell on in our ad campaign.
Speaker D: If we try to tell people it has too many great features, the consumer just gets confused and we don't get anywhere.
Speaker D: So we've got to narrow our selection down to two things I think that we're going to say are really great about our new product.
Speaker D: And I've been looking around at what designs every year different things are popular.
Speaker D: And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular.
Speaker D: And people are tired of hard plastic and hard metal.
Speaker D: They're more back into soft feel, spongy feeling things, things with maybe a little cloth on them.
Speaker D: So those are things we want to look at as far as saleability of the item.
Speaker E: Okay, that concludes the presentation of everyone.
Speaker E: And what we really have to decide in this meeting is the concept of the remote.
Speaker E: And so what do we think on the concept of the remote?
Speaker D: You want to try to come back to yours?
Speaker B: Yes, I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recognizer.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: So speed tracking is most important as far as you're concerned?
Speaker B: This could be one feature which could be sellable.
Speaker D: Yeah, that could be our star feature. That might be really good.
Speaker D: I agree with that.
Speaker A: But I'm very much doubtful how far it will work because speech recognizer has its own...
Speaker A: Distance problem?
Speaker A: Yeah, it's not distance problem.
Speaker A: It's recognizing a person's voice.
Speaker A: Like maybe different people will be having different voices.
Speaker A: Okay, like every time you say something.
Speaker A: You have to teach.
Speaker B: I get a good recognizing system.
Speaker B: No, it's like you're recording a question already.
Speaker B: And then you're expecting an answer from...
Speaker B: For example, you have a TV system. I'm the user.
Speaker B: And my family members are the user.
Speaker B: I've already recorded a question like good morning, like around 8 o'clock.
Speaker B: I want to see the news in the television.
Speaker B: So I'll say this good morning and the TV will switch on.
Speaker B: It will recognize my voice.
Speaker E: Okay, before we get too far off here, the components of the concept is the energy.
Speaker E: What kind of energy do we foresee?
Speaker D: I think we all agreed on that.
Speaker D: That's going to be most cost effective and the best thing.
Speaker E: Okay, then chip on print.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And the case. And I think we all agree on the case.
Speaker E: We want to have something maybe bright, colorful.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Bright, colorful, trendy design and compact.
Speaker E: Do you need design, compact and strong?
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: User interface concept, interface type supplements.
Speaker E: I will be your area.
Speaker E: I think.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: Like the switches, like we use buttons for user interface.
Speaker A: Push buttons.
Speaker E: Push buttons.
Speaker E: I guess for, yeah.
Speaker E: And I'm not sure what they mean by supplements.
Speaker E: Well, I think.
Speaker B: There's like different types of features buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, or like, or like her speech recognition, it would also be a supplement.
Speaker C: Her speech recognition.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: So why don't we put down speech recognition, if possible, pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Our next meeting will be in 30 minutes.
Speaker E: And the ID is to, this is the individual actions to be taken until then.
Speaker E: To have the look and feel design.
Speaker E: And the UID is supposed to come up with the user interface design.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And the marketing expert with the product evaluation.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: In this phase, the two of you, Yana and Francine, have to work together on a prototype using modeling clay.
Speaker E: It says here.
Speaker E: You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: If you have any questions, you know, you can always contact me or your coach, I suppose.
Speaker E: We're, they're hiding.
Speaker E: So, I think we conclude the meeting here and we come back in 30 minutes.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: According to our timetable here.
Speaker F: Thank you very much.
None: Thank you.
None: Thank you.
None: Thanks.
