Speaker C: Last meeting we have discussed the conceptual design and we ask a new to prepare a prototype for the remote control.
Speaker C: At the end.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So let's see what.
Speaker B: Yeah. So can you go out to the shed folder?
Speaker B: The shed folder?
Speaker C: The shed folder for your presentation.
Speaker B: We have a presentation because I have a...
Speaker B: The palm.
Speaker B: So I got about this open three.
Speaker B: Three.
Speaker B: It's a final design.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So I discussed the view.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And so we have...
Speaker B: And we are both agreed on some two versions of the prototypes because we were not decided whether we wanted to have an LCD or not because it's too expensive.
Speaker B: So we come out with two versions.
Speaker B: One with and one with our LCDs.
Speaker B: But both comes with a charger and then detachable or unparental control module and detachable big buttons for all people.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So I'll show you the two prototypes.
Speaker D: Here are the first ones with the beautiful LCD and display.
Speaker D: Here.
Speaker D: And you can just browse into the navigation menu by just the joystick-like button.
Speaker D: You can choose the direction and if you just push on it, it's considered like an enter function.
Speaker D: You have on the side here the microphone for the speech recognition system here.
Speaker D: And here the switch that controls if you want.
Speaker C: But why you put it in the side.
Speaker D: Well, I think it's not a good thing to do that.
Speaker B: No, it's all around camera. The microphone picks up the speech from only a single microphone.
Speaker D: So it's a microphone array.
Speaker C: Oh, it's very costly.
Speaker D: It's just a single microphone.
Speaker D: I think we put it here because I think when you are browsing your LCD, you will be close to...
Speaker D: Well, it's better to place it here than here, for instance.
Speaker D: And here is a little switch that controls if you want the speaker recognition system to be on or off.
Speaker D: And so this remote control comes up with it's shorter.
Speaker D: How much that is cost this one?
Speaker D: Well, this prototype is made for about, well, 15 dollars.
Speaker D: Yeah, 15 dollars.
Speaker D: 15 dollars.
Speaker D: But, well, it's not a...
Speaker C: It's not a...
Speaker D: It's not a...
Speaker D: Yeah, but it's just a prototype and if we optimize the...
Speaker D: The cost will build up.
Speaker D: Yeah, look at the current and the prediction costs.
Speaker D: We can achieve about 10 dollars.
Speaker C: How many...
Speaker C: Who's there?
Speaker D: How many, excuse me, but a...
Speaker D: Well, battery...
Speaker D: We use about...
Speaker B: The two AAs batteries, isn't it?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: AA rechargeable batteries.
Speaker B: Retouchable, of course.
Speaker D: Of course we have the charger.
Speaker B: We have the charger, so it's no problem.
Speaker C: You just have one battery?
Speaker D: Yeah, one battery.
Speaker E: Is it two or one?
Speaker C: It's kitty-tick.
Speaker B: Actually, it's a flexible thing.
Speaker E: No, what is the voltage rating for that?
Speaker E: The voltage rating.
Speaker E: What type of battery?
Speaker D: Oh, yeah, it's just a simple battery, a rechargeable...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: If you like it, it's just...
Speaker E: Like two A3 size batteries.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So, and if you want to charge the battery, you just put the remote control like that, to plug in the charger and leave it alone.
Speaker D: It's all right.
Speaker D: Then the next time you pick it, oh...
Speaker D: It works.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I forgot to tell you there is only a single button there.
Speaker B: Just explain the button.
Speaker B: Yeah, all right.
Speaker B: This button is like the mouse.
Speaker B: It's like a joystick.
Speaker B: You can move in 360 degrees of direction.
Speaker B: So, you can make a turn, and it...
Speaker B: There are functions associated to all the actions you make.
Speaker B: You have a click, you have a double click.
Speaker B: Oh, and a single button.
Speaker B: You can move it up, down, left, right, or you can do a swing.
Speaker B: So, a swing to the left, a swing to the right, defines other functions.
Speaker B: So, even though it's a single button, it's pretty flexible because of the 360 degree movement.
Speaker E: And the LCD is this one, on the remote.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: This is the version that comes with LCD.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Here, present another version without the LCD.
Speaker C: I think it's not a good idea, because after maybe one or two months of function, this button gets destroyed.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: This is a new prototype.
Speaker D: So, we have the second version, and also with the different button configuration.
Speaker D: The second version is also simpler.
Speaker D: We just have to put the microphone.
Speaker D: So, basically, it's the same version.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Basically, it's the same thing as I presented before.
Speaker D: But here we have four buttons for navigation, plus one button acting as an enter button.
Speaker D: So, according to what you said, it's more robust to the user.
Speaker D: And it's also cheaper to produce.
Speaker D: You can produce set remote control for about four dollars.
Speaker E: And I think you forgot the point to have a button to find the charger.
Speaker E: Oh, no.
Speaker D: Because there's a measure.
Speaker D: Actually, it's embedded in the...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Speech recognition system.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And if you disable speech recognition system, then?
Speaker B: I'll come to that point later.
Speaker D: So, no one will explain to you.
Speaker C: Maybe we will share the charger with this.
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker B: Either this, the charger, in either versions, they use the same charger.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, the price of the charger included in the...
Speaker B: It's a standard module, so you should get for a cheap price.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker D: It's the same charger that you can use for the hand form.
Speaker B: But again, it depends on the types.
Speaker B: I think we have to investigate more on that.
Speaker C: The price should be below 12 and 12.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: But as the marketing manager says, people are willing to pay more for good design.
Speaker E: Yeah, people are willing to pay more, but the company is not willing to invest more.
Speaker C: The price of the money is 25 euros.
Speaker C: And the price of...
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: So, go on now, man, with the special features.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker B: Well, come out to that.
Speaker B: The thing that makes the controller cheap is that it is modular.
Speaker B: So, you want more function, you pay more.
Speaker B: If you want less function, if you want a reasonable price, you pay for the function that you add on to the system.
Speaker B: So, it's modular.
Speaker C: So, there's basis function, and if you want more, you pay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: For example, the LCC can put it back in, or you can use the other one.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: The speaker can raise the microphone.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Then the microphone.
Speaker B: Then it's actually...
Speaker B: You don't want...
Speaker B: You pay less for the system, you see.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker B: It's pretty flexible in the...
Speaker D: You also have the two other modules for the parental control.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: This is the other one.
Speaker D: You can add that to your remote control.
Speaker D: If you want to have more power on what you do, and with channel you want to choose, and so on, here is just the module for the kids, and if the parents want to watch TV, they come up with their modules, they just plug in it, and they can have all the control they want here.
Speaker D: We also have this module for old people, with big buttons, clearly labeled, and it acts like the previous one, you just plug in, and it works.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The idea, the conceptual idea is that simplicity and powerful simplicity, meaning that we have few buttons.
Speaker B: Powerful is that all the controls, the one you saw earlier in the meetings, with lots of buttons, but here you only have few buttons, but you retain them, the same powerful functionality.
Speaker B: But in addition, with simplicity.
Speaker B: That's the best idea.
Speaker B: That's our innovation in this design.
Speaker B: Okay, now we come to other important features that I did not tell you.
Speaker B: The first one is the speech organizer.
Speaker B: Again, it's detachable, or add-on.
Speaker B: And then we also have security feature, for example, we see, oh!
Speaker B: It's very robust, basically.
Speaker B: It doesn't break in the material, what's the material?
Speaker B: It's very rare.
Speaker B: Again, add-on battery life is an end-yourable one.
Speaker B: Again, because it's AA batteries, you can choose the types of batteries you want.
Speaker B: Lithium, you're maybe a good one, but you can replace with a cheaper one.
Speaker B: Again, you pay for what you get.
Speaker B: And then the other point is a robust one, it's a plasma reminder.
Speaker B: So, when you finish watching your TV, and you turn off the TV, and then there's this message coming out, please put that back to the charger.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, that's the reminder part.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And also, user programmable channel and vocabulary.
Speaker B: So, we didn't define the vocabulary, so it's after the user defined.
Speaker B: So, sorry.
Speaker B: And then, because children are using the device, we have also a pre-filter of TV programs by Jean.
Speaker B: This can be used by the adult or by the children.
Speaker B: So, instead of choosing the channel, you are choosing the TV contents of the night.
Speaker B: So, it's pretty powerful.
Speaker B: And that's why the knob buttons are reduced because of this feature.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And for the materials that is cheap to produce, I think it's quite clear from...
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And also lightweight and offensive designs.
Speaker B: Maybe you can improve more on the design.
Speaker B: Maybe, yeah.
Speaker C: What's the price to produce?
Speaker A: This is...
Speaker D: Well, so the price to produce for the simplest one, say, we start from four dollars to produce such a device.
Speaker D: It's about...
Speaker C: Without the charger?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's about, well, two dollars to produce the microphone and speech recognition systems.
Speaker D: Two dollars for the... for the... I don't know.
Speaker D: And finally, three dollars for the charger.
Speaker D: So, if you sum up everything, we don't have charger with the head CD, which gets two dollars.
Speaker D: You have two plus four plus four plus two plus two.
Speaker E: I think you're the excel.
Speaker C: We don't have all the options here.
Speaker D: So, the total cost if you want to hold the functionality, the piece would be about 15 dollars.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But it's just... if you want all the functionality...
Speaker C: Excuse me.
Speaker C: It's below the... the...
Speaker E: Yeah, it's a nice input, but we have an...
Speaker E: other input from the public demands.
Speaker E: I think we would just have a rough look and then we can make all the statements and we can finalize the product based on this discount.
Speaker E: I think we can just go to my presentation and we can wind up...
Speaker E: or we could come to some final conclusions.
Speaker E: So, the marketing made an evaluation criteria and this was some of the findings.
Speaker E: And in the market, the people are not really interested with LCD, without LCD, with speech recognition interface or without speech recognition interface.
Speaker E: But most of the people, what they are interested in is...
Speaker E: first thing is they want to have a fancy look and feel.
Speaker E: It should be very fancy with colourful and very handy to hold.
Speaker E: And the second thing is it should be much more technologically innovative.
Speaker E: Of course, in that we could put LCD or recognition to be more technologically innovative.
Speaker E: And the third one is easy to use.
Speaker D: Well, I think that the technical innovation is in the predicted set of scenes.
Speaker D: We haven't yet a remote who are Halloween to choose interactively with the TV screen.
Speaker D: We just for buttons.
Speaker E: If you go to the next slide, here you can find these are the latest fashion updates.
Speaker E: And so this is Paris and Milan devs for their detector, these trends.
Speaker E: That this year it's going to be an ear of fruit and vegetable.
Speaker E: So people are really interested to see if they have a remote in the shape of the fruit or vegetable or whatever they like.
Speaker E: So I think it should be much more customised to make different shapes.
Speaker E: And the second thing is, and if the material, they really do not want it to be very hard.
Speaker E: As in the case of very plastic or titanium, it should be somewhat spongy.
Speaker B: But the problem is that... is it robust to mishandling?
Speaker B: We should find a material that is robust at the same time as spongy.
Speaker E: So finally we have these three criteria.
Speaker E: One is fancy look.
Speaker E: The second is...
Speaker E: In a way too.
Speaker E: And third is easy to use.
Speaker E: So these are the three criteria on which we are going to build our remote.
Speaker E: And we have an evaluation criteria for each one of these.
Speaker E: Say that we have a seven point scale from one to seven.
Speaker E: And for each of the product, you could just give me the scale according to this.
Speaker E: So now you have with the LCD and without LCD.
Speaker E: So on this scale, if it is true, if it is... if it has a fancy look, you could just tell me one.
Speaker E: Or if it is false, it doesn't... it looks... it doesn't look much fancy.
Speaker E: Then you could just tell me seven.
Speaker E: So we can make our study on this.
Speaker B: So is the evaluation depending on us or other users?
Speaker E: No, no.
Speaker E: We have... you have designed two products now.
Speaker E: One is with LCD and without LCD.
Speaker B: But who will give the scoring?
Speaker B: We ourselves or...
Speaker B: You.
Speaker B: According to you...
Speaker E: What's the party?
Speaker E: No, according to you designers.
Speaker E: How you feel does it with LCD and without LCD?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Let us make this L and without LCD.
Speaker E: On this scale, the LCD remote control.
Speaker E: How do you look? How does it look?
Speaker E: Is it very fancy or doesn't look much fancy?
Speaker D: Well, it doesn't look much fancy.
Speaker D: I'll say three or four.
Speaker E: And you both agree for that?
Speaker C: And you?
Speaker B: I think we can improve on the design.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Some are commented.
Speaker B: This is like the stone edge, frankly.
Speaker B: Design.
Speaker B: We have been focused all this time on the...
Speaker B: Technical aspect.
Speaker B: On the technical aspect, functional aspect.
Speaker B: But also the simplicity.
Speaker B: As for the design, maybe we should hire a designer.
Speaker E: So I take three on the LCD.
Speaker E: So without LCD, how would you rate it?
Speaker D: Four.
Speaker D: I think it's more easy to make fancy things when it's not complicated.
Speaker D: So removing the LCD gives us more liberty to have a fancy look.
Speaker E: And in the sense of innovativeness with LCD?
Speaker D: Well, it's the same for both.
Speaker D: So I will give a five, six.
Speaker E: Five with LCD and...
Speaker D: Five or so.
Speaker D: Norman, please.
Speaker B: From the innovation aspect, I feel that what is most innovative of our prototype compared to the existing prototype that we saw in the last year.
Speaker B: So in the last meeting, is that the retrieval of TV programs by Content.
Speaker B: Because that is really innovative.
Speaker B: And for now, another innovation we have is simplicity and simplicity.
Speaker B: Few buttons with...
Speaker D: With a lot of functionalities.
Speaker B: A lot of functionalities.
Speaker B: So without LCD...
Speaker B: I don't think that our product has the best, you know, well, this is a bias, judgment.
Speaker B: No, no.
Speaker E: According to design aspect, we want to know how do you feel the innovativeness?
Speaker B: And the innovation is very high.
Speaker B: With LCD.
Speaker E: And without LCD?
Speaker D: For both.
Speaker D: For both.
Speaker D: The same innovation.
Speaker B: It's the same innovation.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So you have to make it with LCD.
Speaker D: No, it's 6.
Speaker B: No, it's 6.
Speaker E: Without LCD.
Speaker E: Both.
Speaker E: No, actually, to make it with LCD, you make more efforts.
Speaker E: So there is high innovativeness included if you make it with LCD.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Then when it is without LCD, there is not much innovativeness.
Speaker B: So you can't go...
Speaker B: There was an issue here.
Speaker B: What is display on LCD?
Speaker B: We haven't really...
Speaker B: That's what it is.
Speaker B: That's what the design is.
Speaker B: Actually, it's good to have an LCD, but what are we going to display on LCD?
Speaker B: No, it's like this.
Speaker E: I mean, on the LCD, according to what I understand from your model is...
Speaker E: So let's remove it.
Speaker E: You have a joystick here.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And you have LCD.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Just for us, you are joystick.
Speaker E: You get here a program.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But you have the same program on the TV screen.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker E: The TV is the problem.
Speaker E: No, on the TV, it doesn't display on the TV now.
Speaker E: If you have the LCD.
Speaker E: LCD, then there is no meaning in having on the TV.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Then again, you have a channels, volume, and all this stuff.
Speaker B: But what do you want to display all on the LCD?
Speaker E: I mean, that depends upon your design.
Speaker E: So...
Speaker B: Anyway, for the users who opt for LCD, we are giving them the LCD.
Speaker B: We give them the customer ones, right?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So without LCD, you want to put it on the same level of you know, virtualness.
Speaker E: And which word do you recommend?
Speaker E: Is it to use?
Speaker E: With LCD or without LCD?
Speaker D: Well, I think both are really easy to use because there are a few buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And the menu are clear.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And it's nice, so...
Speaker D: Well, with little knowing of the technology, you can easily use the product.
Speaker D: So I would give a six for the user to use.
Speaker B: I think...
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker C: No, it's just if I...
Speaker C: I see the...
Speaker C: the rate...
Speaker C: I think it's better to do it without the LCD.
Speaker C: Because with LCD, just we increase the price.
Speaker C: And I think they have the same nature.
Speaker E: Or you can just go back to the previous slide where we have a few updates.
Speaker E: So, I mean, in the product design, you could just amend it to make some future changes, according to the fruit or on the stable or as a spongey touch, without LCD and without speech recognition.
Speaker E: Even then, our product is going to be very good.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And if we have less technology, we have more liberty to...
Speaker D: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker D:...for the shape and things like that.
Speaker B: I have another thing to say about the easy to use and spend.
Speaker B: I think the easy to use and spend is different for different people.
Speaker B: For the young generation, easy to use may be very complicated because they want a lot of controls with lots of buttons.
Speaker B: For kids, they want simplicity, a city.
Speaker B: Similarly, for the old people, they want simplicity.
Speaker B: So, that's why we have the parental module.
Speaker B: We can have a bit of more complex design if they want it.
Speaker B: But what I'm trying to say here is that we have different sets of buttons for different kinds of people.
Speaker B: So, in terms of easy to use, I think it's very user-customizable.
Speaker B: User-customization is very important.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, without LCD, I just take it 5 or you want it to be 6.
Speaker D: I think it's the same.
Speaker D: Yes, as you say, we'd better...
Speaker D: Without LCD.
Speaker E: I think it's better to have this without LCD.
Speaker D: And to improve the...
Speaker E: As our project manager says that without LCD, it is going to reduce the cost also.
Speaker E: It's going to be much simpler to use.
Speaker D: It's more on e-beady to have a fancy look.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: So, let's go back to our laboratory.
Speaker C: It's true for what's about this is a special permission.
Speaker C: And you want to buy the integration.
Speaker B: The special recognizer is an on-module.
Speaker E: Yeah. That's going to be an optional.
Speaker E: If someone wants to buy it, they can have it otherwise.
Speaker D: So, it's an optional...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Since, well, according to this study, people are more...
Speaker C: I think it's more...
Speaker C: That was pongy.
Speaker C: I'm really in control there.
Speaker C: I think it should be better if we have all these modules in the same remote container.
Speaker C: Because maybe it's balanced.
Speaker E: Yeah, I mean, if you have an add-ons, the kids may just hide the...
Speaker E: Hide the parental module.
Speaker C: And so that the parents can't use it.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: Can't forget where they put it.
Speaker C: So, maybe better if you have all these in the same.
Speaker C: In the same sets, yeah.
Speaker E: And individual buttons to make them work.
Speaker B: The problem is if we are black, if a customer wants a certain component and doesn't want the printer control because it's a couple who do not have children.
Speaker B: When you sell the product on the market, you could meet any kind of people.
Speaker B: And not all people will need all the functionalities you propose to them.
Speaker B: So, we might lose the customer because of these.
Speaker B: I don't know what do you think...
Speaker C: So, you mean that even if these modules will be functional, they will be optional?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: What do you think?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean...
Speaker E: I have to make a marketing survey that...
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: How many married couples or how many couples have a TV or to the number of singles who have a television?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So, based on that, I think...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But the question is, does those modularity increase the production cost or decrease the production cost?
Speaker B: Well, it's about the same because if...
Speaker D: Well, you can...
Speaker D: If you had something like...
Speaker D: I think it's the easiest.
Speaker D: Oh, no.
Speaker D: Because if you...
Speaker D: If you had something...
Speaker D: Well, yeah, maybe because it's three different pieces to build.
Speaker E: But you can make it on a single piece with three different options.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think it's cheaper if you already built the whole functionalities on the same material.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: On the same piece.
Speaker B: Well, the other aspect is that if in the... when they have the existing product, you're gonna maintain the...
Speaker B: You're gonna keep the same customer because the same customer will come back to buy other ads on...
Speaker E: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker E: How many good is it, provide with the options and this?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, if you don't don't buy it now, they can buy it in the future.
Speaker B: So, in that way, you're actually keeping the same customer, attracting them to come back again and again.
Speaker B: So, something like a Microsoft product.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's fine.
Speaker E: We don't want to...
Speaker C: And we don't want to...
Speaker B: Updates and we sell it.
Speaker E: We make updates and sell it for this.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Well, if the buyers can be updated, it can be upgraded.
Speaker B: It'd be a good thing.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: They had the depends on the product.
Speaker E: And what's the idea about the shape of the remote controls?
Speaker E: Well, sure.
Speaker E: Can they be made into a fruit and vegetable types?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: They require different types of PCBs.
Speaker D: Yeah, but, well, so the components will have to change because we have to deal with the shape.
Speaker D: But I don't think it will increase the cost much.
Speaker E: Or it would be like this.
Speaker E: The PCB would be the same for all, but only the exterior shape is different for all.
Speaker D: Well, but it's a bit complicated to...
Speaker D: If you need different machines to...
Speaker B: What we can change is to propose the customers with skins.
Speaker B: For example, the mobile phones nowadays, there's different kinds of skin.
Speaker B: And then people just feel that, oh, I have a new skin and it looks better.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We can have the same global shape and then add on other skins.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And with this technology texture, things like that.
Speaker B: You can't fly.
Speaker B: In what material would that be?
Speaker B: Spong.
Speaker E: You need to look into the material.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: A flari, like a pet dog kind of thing.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: So we finished a prototype presentation, if you have something else to say.
Speaker E: I think the project manager would be interested to look about the financial issues that make these models.
Speaker C: Project evaluation project.
Speaker C: Project.
Speaker C: Project.
None: I don't know.
Speaker C: We have to ask this question.
Speaker C: We have to give answers.
Speaker B: I suppose if we let this criteria...
Speaker C: Project evaluation.
Speaker C: Let's go.
Speaker B: Room for creativity.
Speaker B: This room is a bit smaller.
Speaker B: But I think it's okay for us to work with.
Speaker E: I feel it's fine.
Speaker E: We don't.
Speaker E: I think it's okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: It's fine for making a presentation, for project presentations.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Anyway, we have the laboratory nearby to build our models.
Speaker B: It's okay.
Speaker E: And the leadership was excellent.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker C: Good job.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: He gave you the liberty to go.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker C: The teamwork was very, very good.
Speaker C: Very dynamic.
Speaker C: I am very satisfied to work with.
Speaker D: Thank you, Abbas.
Speaker B: Thank you, Mumau.
Speaker D: I'm not sweet.
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker E: New ideas for them.
Speaker E: Any new ideas to make this presentation more interactive and more interesting?
Speaker D: Come up with new product.
Speaker E: What type of product do you think could we make this more interesting?
Speaker C: Less fancy.
Speaker B: I know something.
Speaker B: We need more kegs, more bits, goods on the table where we have meetings.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And also more, well, more seriously, I think it's a good idea to have clear points whenever we do a meeting, pre-order the meeting to have a, well, at least with the points, we'll be discussed or things like that.
Speaker D: But I think it's all right.
Speaker D: We achieved project goal.
Speaker E: I think that is within the budget.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker C: And the evaluation.
Speaker C: That was without ICD, without special copies.
Speaker C: Yeah, but we seem to.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker E: And then I do celebration.
Speaker D: So, coffee machine.
Speaker C: Coffee.
Speaker B: All right, then we finish.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Thank you very much.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
None: All right.
