None: The Mommy Or I will go No sir.
None: In the car.
None: You Good morning.
None: Good morning.
None: Hmm.
None: Well, I'm supposed to go home.
None: I think it's supposed to be like this.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: That was good.
Speaker B: Oh, no, I don't think it's actually...
Speaker B:...9 here.
Speaker B: And you have to adjust the length.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: I am done.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So, we will wait for a few minutes.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Oh, he goes his weather.
Speaker B: Well, he can put anywhere you want, actually.
Speaker E: Yeah, but the mic is not...
Speaker B: It's not a directional mic, anyway.
Speaker A: It's a work like this.
Speaker A: So, I will try to get my presentation, all right?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: Go ahead.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: Then press the...
Speaker E:...this, you know?
Speaker A: Just try.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker A: Oh, this is not...
Speaker B: I'll...
Speaker B:...f-a.
Speaker A: But don't have to be around the screen here.
Speaker E: I do it.
None: Oh.
Speaker E: Wow.
Speaker E: Amazing.
Speaker E: It's working.
Speaker A: Okay. Thank you.
Speaker D: I'll just flip it on the...
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So, good morning, everyone.
Speaker A: Welcome at the kickoff meeting of our latest project.
Speaker A: I hope you all have been updated about it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Good.
Speaker A: I'm going to do a little bit of a quick introduction.
Speaker A: This meeting with an agenda as presented here.
Speaker A: After the opening, we will get acquainted to each other.
Speaker A: See what our roles are in this project.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: We have been provided with some technical tools to...
Speaker A:...communicate and to...
Speaker A:...well, learn from each other's plans, as I can say.
None: So...
Speaker A: We will also try to...
Speaker A:...to get acquainted to these tools.
Speaker A: So, they are also new to me.
Speaker A: I don't know whether you've worked with them before.
Speaker A: Then we will come to the actual project plan.
Speaker A: I hope it's about the new remote control we are going to.
Speaker A: Going to the design.
Speaker A: Then we will discuss...
Speaker A:...well, how it should be and...
Speaker A:...what our new project should look like.
Speaker A: And then, after some 25 minutes, I hope we can end this meeting.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A:...basically, this is about a new remote control.
Speaker A: When you design a new project, you of course want it to be original.
Speaker A: We want to be distinguished.
Speaker A: People want to look at the shelf.
Speaker A: Well, that's the product I need.
Speaker A: So, it needs to be trendy.
Speaker A: I mean, trendy is what people want, so then they will buy our project.
Speaker A: But then, it also should work user-friendly.
Speaker A: And otherwise, people...
Speaker A:...well, it will not be rated very well in consumer articles, like that.
Speaker A: So, the general outline of a new project will be...
Speaker A:...we first go through a functional design phase.
Speaker A: You all get certain tasks in this phase.
Speaker A: And then we will meet again and discuss this functional design.
Speaker A: And the same holds for the two phases.
Speaker A: After this, the conceptual design.
Speaker A: And after that, a more detailed design in which the final project should get...
Speaker A:...is definitely the shape.
Speaker A: But first, we will do some two frames.
Speaker A: In all in front of you, you see the notebooks and not blocks.
Speaker A: And we have here a whiteboard.
Speaker A: And, well, it should work.
Speaker A: I've read it from some colleagues.
Speaker A: I should work with some kind of toolbar. I didn't find out yet how it worked.
Speaker A: But maybe one of you did, so...
Speaker E: And the documents in the shared folder.
Speaker A: Yes. Do we have to say something about that?
Speaker A: I'm not fully updated about this shared folder.
Speaker E: Yeah, I guess we'll have a shared folder with documents that can share.
Speaker A: Yes, well, we'll then find out how it works.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Well, this seems to me as some computer program, but I didn't find it yet.
Speaker A: So, we'll come to that later.
Speaker A: So, now we will try out the whiteboard we have here.
Speaker A: So, I would suggest...
Speaker A: Each of us is going to...
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker A: We try to draw on it and then...
Speaker A: Well, it should be smart some way.
Speaker A: I'm not really sure how this works.
Speaker A: Okay. Shall I stop?
Speaker C: Yes, I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard.
Speaker C: But they'll be recording.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker B: Now they will record through that, in a sense, so that we just need to record the strokes.
Speaker C: But for us it's just like a normal whiteboard.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker E: But it's...
Speaker E: Actually, I think I can't grow with...
Speaker A: You...
Speaker A: Doesn't it work?
Speaker A: Maybe some... maybe Anna, maybe you can start and you can maybe find out.
Speaker A: To get a score, right?
Speaker A: I have to draw...
Speaker A: Why don't you draw your favorite animal on the whiteboard?
Speaker C: My favorite animal.
Speaker C: Sorry, it's a little time, but up here.
Speaker A: Oh, I see...
Speaker D: There we go.
Speaker A: So, draw it. We will try to guess what it is.
Speaker C: I'm a very bad drawer.
Speaker D: Weird.
Speaker C: You're not going to be able to guess from my drawing.
Speaker C: I'm not going to be a bad drawer.
Speaker C: There, ears, by the way.
Speaker C: No?
Speaker C: Close side.
Speaker C: Okay, so, like a pet animal.
Speaker C: Like a cat.
Speaker A: It's like a cat. So, I guess it's a cat.
Speaker C: No, not a cat though.
Speaker A: What is this now?
None: You forgot about him.
Speaker E: You're on the knife?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think it's fine.
Speaker B: I just don't want to cut it off.
Speaker B: And this wire, no?
Speaker B: We need a wireless microphone.
Speaker B: You know?
Speaker B: Especially, we should next pause it.
Speaker B: We should take it like that.
Speaker A: Oh, sorry.
Speaker A: That's the cat.
Speaker A: It's not a cat.
Speaker A: It's a dog.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: So good. That's also kind of cat.
Speaker C: Oh, the dog doesn't have a tail?
Speaker C: It's got a tail in.
Speaker B: Both predators, sure.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I thought so. The dogs have a tail.
Speaker B: It's all for the cats.
Speaker C: Did you?
Speaker D: And he gets cast out of tail.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think I will go without it.
Speaker E: Right?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: It will still not extend, right?
Speaker B: It's not up to that.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, what?
Speaker C: Favorite characteristics?
Speaker C: Dogs are always friendly and loyal and fun.
None: Oh.
None: What's that?
None: To another ski.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: This is why you're the designer.
Speaker C: Am I marketing?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: Definitely a whore.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker E: Very good.
Speaker E: So, yes, with different colors.
Speaker B: So, ah.
Speaker B: I think you can put that.
Speaker E: We can spend weeks.
None: I'm at 20.4.
None: Is it there?
Speaker D: Yes, sir.
Speaker D: So, no, it's zero.
Speaker C: A blue and black zebra.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker A: Again, you can meet him in Africa, I think.
Speaker A: Very good.
Speaker C: Very rare blue zebra.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: Oh, I love.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker B: I have to go clear off my...
None:...lilence.
None: Don't need to talk about that.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Sir.
Speaker C: You've got a lot of room here, you probably.
Speaker C: Rich.
Speaker C: It's not for them.
Speaker A: I hope you have some space in here, the horse of...
Speaker A:...Meal.
Speaker B: Sir, what did I draw?
Speaker B: We have already taken the pen.
Speaker C: That's a good dog.
None: Really?
Speaker C: A mouse?
None: Oh, no.
Speaker A: This looks like a cat who has been driven over.
Speaker A: A cat?
Speaker B: You always play with it.
Speaker E: Oh, okay.
Speaker E: And we should sum up its favorite characteristics, right?
Speaker B: Yeah, some cats would be...
None:...the cats.
Speaker A: Yes, the mooftars.
Speaker A: So, that's the leek cat?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: They like to sleep, that's why you said you...
Speaker E:...they are like this.
None: It's easy to just take a rest to me.
Speaker A: It's quite, you know, relaxed situation.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's quite relaxed today.
Speaker B: It's like a...
None:...they're very good at sex for you.
Speaker B: That's okay.
Speaker E: So, you have some small legs.
Speaker A: Thank you, Matthew.
None: Oh, that's kind of bad here.
Speaker E: Thank you, Matthew.
Speaker C: It's a very big rat, very small rat.
Speaker B: I hope they get something.
Speaker A: Yes, this is certain...
Speaker A:...some contribution to our positive name.
Speaker A: So, let's see which animal has not been drawn yet.
Speaker A: So, you've all drawn bland animals, so why not draw an animal in water?
Speaker E: Okay, in the water.
Speaker C: I don't know what that is.
Speaker C: It's a bit hard to guess.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Put it in colors, maybe to the help.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker E: The cat is going to eat the fish or the...
Speaker E:...different bandwidth.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker C: Oh, it's a shark now.
Speaker E: It's a shark, yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, yes. Why not?
Speaker A: Good idea.
Speaker B: I could maybe shark it goes to me.
Speaker B: It's going to eat the cat rather than the cat eating the fish.
Speaker C: No, it's a swordfish.
Speaker E: You have something in Australia, right?
Speaker E: Swordfish?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker C: Another same one.
Speaker A: I hope it still works.
Speaker E: I'm sorry.
Speaker E: So, I don't know if we need to spend time on that, actually.
Speaker A: Well, this tool seems to work.
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Let's continue to do real stuff.
Speaker A: Our project finance thing.
Speaker A: When we are...
Speaker A:...and when you are going to design, we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product will be about 25 euros.
Speaker A: When designing a project, I also look at you a mile.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Keep in mind, people want to get the feeling this is a 25 euro project.
Speaker A: Peruent control?
Speaker E: Yeah, project.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: More interesting for our company, of course, profit aim, about 50 million euro.
Speaker A: So, we have to sell quite a lot of this things.
Speaker A: We will try to get at the international market, so it will be, I think, mainly Europe and Northern America.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, the seven men.
Speaker A: Maybe some Asian countries.
Speaker A: Also, important for all is the production cost.
Speaker A: Maximum 12 euro.
Speaker E: So, it's half of the selling price, if I am good in mathematics.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I mean, we still have to make our profit.
Speaker A: Of course.
Speaker B: You all have to pay.
Speaker B: Excuse me.
Speaker B: We have to sell at least 4 million to make our own profit.
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, very good in mathematics.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker E: 4 million.
Speaker A: So, I think when we are working on the international market in principle, it has enough customers.
Speaker A: So, when we have a good product, we could meet this aim, I think.
Speaker A: So, that about the finance.
Speaker A: And now, let's have some discussion about what is a good remote control.
Speaker A: And, well, keep in mind this first point, it has to be original, it has to be trendy, it has to be user-friendly.
Speaker A: Maybe some one can mention some additional rerequisites for a good remote control.
Speaker B: Of course, it should have an honor, but...
Speaker A: Yes, it should have the expected functionality of a remote control.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: And it depends what application you are using it for.
Speaker B: You might need...
Speaker A: We are thinking television.
Speaker B: We are targeting the television set, so you need to record channels.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: You need to browse the channels in upwards.
Speaker A: Yes, that's very handy.
Speaker A: I always miss it and also remote controls that you can go channel up or down instead of re-typing the number, especially when you have to load channels.
Speaker E: And just before starting the detailed discussion, maybe you are the marketing guy.
Speaker E: I'm marketing.
Speaker E: So, you are marketing and you are in user interface design.
Speaker E: So, I just wanted to be sure.
Speaker E: And I am the industrial designer.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Because I don't know you very well actually.
Speaker D: I am not too well.
Speaker E: I'm happy to meet you.
Speaker B: And I'm not.
Speaker B: And I'm not.
Speaker B: I'm not too.
Speaker B: I think you know me.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker E: Just on your web page, but not face to face.
Speaker E: So...
Speaker A: So, some other very important things to do.
Speaker A: Well, to specify in this first phase of the project, the browse function.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: And you need the user once like changing the volume, changing the channel and then you, today we have teletext and all those things.
Speaker B: Tomorrow you might have some more functions which might come to the...
Speaker E: Like what?
Speaker E: Like internet on the...
Speaker B: You know we are looking for television things or IP.
Speaker B: For example, personal video recorder and all those stuff are coming up.
Speaker C: But we can't really design for something that hasn't been invented yet.
Speaker B: It's coming up actually.
Speaker B: The personal video recorder and all those things.
Speaker B: Well, I think...
Speaker E: Actually, yes.
Speaker A: You should, I think, think this over especially what functionality.
Speaker E: Of course, and first, before designing the...
Speaker E: Well, thinking about the functionalities, we need to know what are the user requirements.
Speaker E: Then if they need internet, then we would be able to propose something with the TV over IP.
Speaker E: But before...
Speaker C: Ninety percent of the time, ninety-nine percent of the time people will be using the main functions, the volume, the different channels.
Speaker C: So we can have all the fancy things as well.
Speaker C: But the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use.
Speaker A: Keep in mind, it's a 25 euro unit.
Speaker A: So the very fancy stuff, we can leave it out, I think.
Speaker A: So 25 euro, you expect a quite, well, normal, but good functioning user-friendly remote control.
Speaker B: In that case, you always hook up with someone who is providing that and you know...
Speaker B: You sell that product as well as your product with them.
Speaker B: So try and get TV, many things.
Speaker B: We're on to designing you one.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, it's okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I understand.
Speaker B: So we need some numbering buttons, some teletext things.
Speaker B: And then...
Speaker E: The main is...
Speaker A: About the buttons that will be on it.
Speaker A: I think we can discuss that in the next meeting.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I would like to get this wrapped up and go to the end of this meeting.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay, we are all ready.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So you know now the basic things.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: And...
Speaker A: Well, just for the next meeting...
None: Yeah.
Speaker A: You will work on eight designs.
Speaker A: Keep it general.
Speaker A: I mean, so we will be still flexible with maybe adding some functions.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: You will be working on technical function design.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure.
Speaker A: And...
Speaker A: When you...
Speaker A: Well, think about requirements.
Speaker A: Does it need internet?
Speaker A: Or do we stay at...
Speaker A: Basic...
Speaker A: Basic television interface?
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: I think we should now go work at this.
Speaker A: And you will be informed to find email and kind of communication.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: So the next meeting will be in 30 minutes.
Speaker A: Keep in mind.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
