Speaker C: So, you forgot how this works again.
Speaker B: Boss.
Speaker B: Baby Boss.
Speaker D: Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe.
Speaker A: Okay, so we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product.
Speaker A: Okay, yep.
Speaker A: And here's the agenda for this meeting.
Speaker A: I'm just going to open, see a few boring words to start with again, and start taking minutes afterwards.
Speaker A: You guys are going to give us a presentation of our wonder product that I can see some demonstrations of over there.
Speaker A: Looks cool.
Speaker A: And then we're going to evaluate it.
Speaker A: And we're going to talk about finance, and I've got a lovely Excel spreadsheet that knocked up in the last five minutes for this.
Speaker A: And...
Speaker A: You knocked it up.
Speaker A: Yep, and we're going to evaluate the product and close.
Speaker A: We've got 40 minutes to do this in.
Speaker A: We should be fine, let's try and keep this one in schedule.
Speaker A: Alright.
Speaker A: So, your thing is in...
Speaker A: Where is it?
Speaker A: Three.
Speaker C: Three.
Speaker C: Three.
Speaker B: The end product thingy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: Who wants it?
Speaker B: Peter can have it.
None: I'll talk.
Speaker C: Yeah, so what we ended up with.
Speaker C: Production co-estimated by our manufacturing department and the research department, which is ours.
Speaker C: It is a 15.8 era, as someone forgot.
Speaker C: Unit price.
Speaker C: And unit price.
Speaker C: Unit production price.
Speaker C: Cost.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker C: We implemented the basic functions, which is just TV functions plus the locator, which was one of the marketing things.
Speaker C: Cradle, scroll wheel for the channels.
Speaker C: And now we implemented the way of putting the new and revolutionary zapping your favorite channels functionality in the scroll.
Speaker A: Zapping your favorite channels, eh?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Scrolling through your favorites list.
Speaker A: Okay, okay.
Speaker A: Zapping, you know.
Speaker A: Zapping.
Speaker A: Ah, okay, okay.
Speaker C: That's the favorite.
Speaker C: Maybe this is Portuguese thing.
Speaker C: And yeah, that was the result.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I like the logo on there as well.
Speaker B: It's very prominent.
Speaker A: It's very prominent.
Speaker A: So this is the...
Speaker B: So here, give you the...
Speaker B: So this is the cradle unit, and this is the actual remote itself.
Speaker B: So the scroll bar is... or the scroll wheel is this green little scrolly guy here.
Speaker B: And then the volume controls are here and here.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You've got the keypad, which is the numbers from zero to nine, and then ten.
Speaker B: This is the power button.
Speaker B: We have our... we have the enter button and what is the other button here?
Speaker C: This is the teletext.
Speaker C: This is the start to...
Speaker B: The program button.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The program.
Speaker B: So this button will be used both for the favorites and for programming your... the type of television you want to use.
Speaker B: So the plastic is the white area of this... of the model here.
Speaker B: And the red area is like a rubber covering.
Speaker B: So you can see that when it lays like this or like this, and the buttons are all going to be rubber.
Speaker B: So it's pretty hard to actually damage it.
Speaker A: Is that...
Speaker A: Could that be easy for the scroll wheel to be rotated if it ones on it?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That might be a possible... a possible problem.
Speaker B: Not helping.
Speaker A: No, I guess it depends on the stiffness or the level of it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's sliding, but I think it's pretty ergonomic.
Speaker B: You can feel it.
Speaker A: It was good.
Speaker A: I think this is going to be slightly lighter in the...
Speaker A: Yeah, of course.
Speaker B:...the kind of thing.
Speaker B: Well, this is clay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's going to go... you have to reach it.
Speaker B: Yeah, the power button is a bit of a reach, but I think we might scale down the final model a bit.
Speaker B: Ah, yeah.
Speaker B: That would make sense.
Speaker B: This is a bit larger than it would be.
Speaker C: But...
Speaker A: It's cool.
Speaker C: I'm impressed.
Speaker C: It's all a low on the head.
Speaker A: In holder.
Speaker A: So, which was the market and perspective?
Speaker D: Oh, I like it.
Speaker D: I mean, you guys gave me more than I was asking for, so I'm happy.
Speaker D: Because we've got some really marketable features in this.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think it's a good job.
Speaker B: And Pedro can demonstrate that...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C:...the page inability.
Speaker C: You have the base station with the little button for the... where's my remote?
None: Beep beep beep.
Speaker D: Oh, blah.
Speaker D: The more key to function.
Speaker D: That's great.
Speaker D: That's great.
Speaker D: Very future.
Speaker B: Beep beep beep.
Speaker A: So, let me get it.
Speaker A: If I press this button...
Speaker A: Beep beep beep.
Speaker A: I see.
Speaker A: That's weird.
Speaker A: It is.
Speaker A: Hang on.
Speaker A: Beep beep beep.
Speaker B: Shut up.
Speaker B: So, you can take this home.
Speaker D: Take this home with you tonight and you can push that and you'll be across town.
Speaker A: Beep beep beep.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: I find that.
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker A: But the two blue...
Speaker A:...are those for the... to charge off of.
Speaker A: Exactly.
Speaker B: That's exactly what those are for.
Speaker B: And there's one other feature that we were debating but we decided to go against it is you could...
Speaker B: Beep beep beep.
Speaker B: We were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It kind of feels like there should be something there but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there.
Speaker B: And we don't want to accidentally be hitting the power button like that.
Speaker A: Maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll and that would get past the problem of landing and scrolling because then it would need to be hitting both sides.
Speaker B: So maybe in the final design phase we might tweak that a little bit.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: But it's definitely got options for different types of models and things as well based on
Speaker D: that, haven't it? Yep, I like.
Speaker A: Good job.
Speaker A: So is that the final color scheme as well?
Speaker B: Oh no, this is just what we had to work with at the time.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we'll leave the color scheme up to the marketing people.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: Careful.
None: Yeah, it came off.
Speaker A: The scroll wheels is a problem with them not being.
Speaker A: I don't think he's out in the face guy who wants to touch it.
Speaker D: My suggestion is we're going to go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions.
Speaker D: You know, some blend of silvers and blacks.
Speaker A: Beep, beep, beep.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Enough of that.
Speaker A: Wow, that's cool guys.
Speaker A: Okay, so we've done with the this presentation.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: So you're not going to find my folder up there.
Speaker D: I got to do mine up at the board.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker A: Can I not get your get stuff from your shirt folder, no?
Speaker D: No, it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I couldn't create it.
Speaker D: I couldn't create it in the PowerPoint.
Speaker D: And I think I've got this really strange cable.
Speaker D: So what I had basically going from the PowerPoint format is that, yeah, yeah, I like this a lot.
Speaker D: Is this one of the tests is to see how we can adapt to changing situations in the meeting room.
Speaker D: So what we had is we had the method.
Speaker D: That's not how you spell method, is it?
Speaker B: No way.
Speaker D: No way.
Speaker D: Come here you.
Speaker D: So this doesn't go so fast this way.
Speaker D: And when I speak about method, I speak about the marketing of the product.
Speaker D: And to me with this product, we got basically three things to market.
Speaker D: We've got the features, we have the characteristics, and we have the, I don't know what we call the other part, would we call, you know, the corporate.
Speaker D: Help me.
Speaker D: The corporation stands behind the product.
Speaker D: So the features, I think we got the scroll, we've got the locator, we've got the durability, we've got the dependability, we've got, you know, the features that make this a unique product.
Speaker D: The characteristics I talk about, we have reliability, we have comfort, we have ergonomics, we have environmentally sensitive, and the corporation we're talking about, we're a new company.
Speaker D: We're wanting to make a name for ourselves.
Speaker D: We're wanting you to find our product.
Speaker D: So we're going to give you a good product at a fair price.
Speaker D: One thing I would want to see is can we get a lifetime guarantee on this product, a normal use guarantee, which means that this product for the life of the life use, if it should have a technical problem that we could replace it at no cost, that was something I would be interested in.
Speaker D: So yeah, without going into great details, we have a product that has the features and the characteristics and the background, I believe to make it marketable, I believe at a cost of 35 to 50 euros, we're going to be competitive and we're going to have a market niche.
Speaker A: Would you argue that we're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down to 25 as we probably could, but lowering a profit margin?
Speaker D: That would be, I think, a decision best paid by corporate.
Speaker D: For my evaluation, based on what our competition is, I think that we can go after this and go after more of the exclusivity sense than the mass market sense.
Speaker D: But I'm sure open to market this in either direction.
Speaker D: But you guys came up with a great product and at that cost, I think there's nobody else that's putting this combination of ingredients together.
Speaker D: The only limitations I see to this is that we're focused on television only.
Speaker D: That's the only drawback I see to this.
Speaker D: But with all of these other features, I think people, one thing I'm hoping for is people are not going to even notice.
Speaker D: There's going to be somebody going home and say, oh, this thing doesn't work for my DVD and my, but I like these other things that they keep it, they don't take it back.
Speaker A: They're actually quite open to be able to expand the product for a later version with those features.
Speaker A: Quite simply anyway, there's no fundamentally different thing.
Speaker D: One of the thoughts that I had is can this unit be produced in a way that makes it upgradable?
Speaker D: Like a SIM card in a telephone.
Speaker D: Is there a card?
Speaker D: Can we make a card?
Speaker C: And so after we need some more buttons if it were to work on some other stuff.
Speaker D: But you follow one of those?
Speaker C: Yeah, we could get another version of it that actually works.
Speaker D: Yeah, because if we can make this unit upgradable, then we're, but then we talk about changing the warranty concept and everything.
Speaker D: But that's, that was just an idea I had.
Speaker D: To me, the only additions.
Speaker A: The risk of making it unusable as well or making it less because at the moment it's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons you know what they do.
Speaker A: It's very simple and it just works.
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: Does the rest of that?
Speaker D: Anyway, that's...
Speaker A: Okay, so we can talk about finance now.
Speaker A: So I have a little spreadsheet for us where I was wondering, when you talked about the 15.8 euros, is wondering how you came up with that figure?
Speaker B: Well, that was just our technical team ended up the production cost of the individual units.
Speaker A: Okay, so I have a spreadsheet here for this.
Speaker A: Oh, very cool.
Speaker A: I've made a few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adapter we can make for a cost of four euros equivalent to solar cells, which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adapters already.
Speaker A: And I'm assuming that the locator beacon, the...
Speaker B: Yeah, BBB.
Speaker A: It can be made for...
Speaker A: It's only a different that time.
Speaker A: It can be made for a similar price to an L.C. display.
Speaker A: Do you think that's fair coming from the manufacturing?
Speaker B: Yeah, I do think that we don't need the advanced chip on print.
Speaker B: We only need the regular chip on print.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we have a miscalculation there.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So we're down to 16.4.
Speaker B: And we have a single curved...
Speaker A: Is that a single curved rather than a double curved?
Speaker B: I think that...
Speaker A: We're not entirely sure what single curved...
Speaker D: We've got a curve and a droop, I don't know whether that...
Speaker B: It's single curved.
Speaker A: Okay, I'm not convinced.
Speaker A: We save one euro that way, yeah?
Speaker A: So we can bring it down to...
Speaker B: So it's a little bit more than single curved.
Speaker B: So yeah, it's 15.8.
Speaker B: That's where we came up with it.
Speaker B: Well, hang on.
Speaker A: Don't speak so.
Speaker A: It's in here.
Speaker A: And do we have any...
Speaker A: We have special form, don't we?
Speaker A: Yeah, we do.
Speaker A: So that's...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Ah!
Speaker A: But you know...
Speaker A: We haven't talked about any special colour though.
Speaker A: I forgot for grazing silvers.
Speaker B: That's very special.
Speaker B: It's pretty.
Speaker A: Okay, so we're...
Speaker A: Piss-whattern scroll wheel.
Speaker A: We're basically...
Speaker A: We have...
Speaker A: Is this intended to be a button as well?
Speaker A: Or just a...
Speaker A: Scroll scroll.
Speaker A: That's a scroll.
Speaker A: Just a scroll.
Speaker A: It's not one of the scrolls where, for example, with this one, you could push it down to be
Speaker B: a button. No, we just use it as a scroll.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Then we have 15.8 euros.
Speaker B: It was a pretty accurate estimate.
Speaker C: It was a bit.
Speaker C: Oh, look at it.
Speaker A: Yeah, awesome.
Speaker A: Okay, so...
Speaker A: We're on to the...
Speaker A: Kind of frighteningly accurate.
Speaker A: We're on to the back part of the presentation where we have a look at the criteria that Paul, the criteria that Paul has given us.
Speaker A: And we can use that to tell.
Speaker A: How's it gone?
Speaker A: I don't get any thoughts.
Speaker A: How have we done today?
Speaker B: I think we did pretty well.
Speaker A: I think we did pretty well too.
Speaker A: It was pretty spectacular.
Speaker D: No, I think we come up with an attractive, marketable product and concept.
Speaker A: Any other changes or thoughts?
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So, we depart about...
Speaker A: You know, for creativity.
Speaker B: That was...
Speaker B: I think there was plenty of room.
Speaker B: I think we ended up being innovative.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, we...
Speaker D: We kind of broke...
Speaker D: We kind of at least adjusted every criteria that gave us.
Speaker D: Because we still have the teletext capability in this thing, right?
Speaker D: We raised the price of it.
Speaker D: We've added new technology to it.
Speaker D: So, you know, if this thing flies, then we've adjusted or broken every idea that gave us.
Speaker A: Every idea necessarily.
Speaker A: It's still a remote control.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: No, yeah.
Speaker A: But we did break with the specs a little bit, I guess.
Speaker A: But the...
Speaker D: But I like...
Speaker D: I mean, what I say, we have...
Speaker D: I believe we have room creativity because we did it.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: We just ship what we report back to the bosses.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think they were reasonably flexible with this over the whole changing the specs thing.
Speaker C: It was more of a teamwork thing than really leadership as a glutter.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker D: Just cohesive.
Speaker A: It's energy.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: It's energetic.
Speaker A: It's a lot of synergy.
None: Teamwork.
Speaker A: Yeah, yes.
Speaker A: What did we think of the meeting room, I guess, is an important thing here?
Speaker B: These cables suck.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: This falls off and...
Speaker A: Yep.
Speaker A: The whiteboard worked really well.
Speaker C: They must have very long shirts.
Speaker C: That's way far down lapel, like... lapel, lapel, lapel.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: All right.
Speaker C: That's almost a crotch.
Speaker C: Microphone.
Speaker A: That's quite close.
Speaker D: You know what they're going to have on the recording and they're from that microphone is your lunch digesting, you know?
Speaker A: Oh dear.
Speaker A: Oh dear.
Speaker A: Oh dear.
Speaker A: No more pizza for me.
Speaker A: So yeah, the pen came in all right and it's a little uncomfortable to use, but I guess
Speaker C: it works. You were using it to upset all.
Speaker C: It's still that.
None: That's our boss.
Speaker A: I'm not convinced of that at all.
Speaker A: I've been wondering about that all day, but CDs look like they're...
Speaker A: That looks like it would be that way around.
Speaker A: Natures right.
Speaker A: It feels more comfortable quite you could upside down.
Speaker A: I don't care.
Speaker A: Okay, so that data might be slightly involved.
Speaker A: What new ideas have we found?
Speaker D: New ideas for the product or for the environment or what are we...
Speaker A: Well, the list of both then for the product.
Speaker B: Well, we had the favorites list in the scroll bar and we have the cradle and the remote call feature.
Speaker C: And we came up with quite a bunch of new ideas.
Speaker A: And for the meeting room is anyone getting any more?
Speaker C: Comfortable headsets would be nice.
Speaker D: Well, I mean, clearly remote control microphones would be a nice solution to all these cables, but I'm sure that there's just some justification for these things that I don't know about.
Speaker D: And of course I didn't have so much fun with my computer this afternoon.
Speaker D: It's not been cooperating so well.
Speaker D: But I don't think that's available.
Speaker D: Could have been worse.
Speaker A: Okay, so are the costs within the budget?
Speaker A: Nope.
Speaker A: Oh, hang on.
Speaker A: It really did something that the costs were under 1250 euros.
Speaker A: Oh, crime rates have changed.
Speaker A: We're still under 20 euros to build.
Speaker A: So we're good.
Speaker A: The costs within the budget?
Speaker A: Not the original budget, but they are now.
Speaker A: Is the project evaluated?
Speaker A: I think so.
Speaker A: Yeah, then.
Speaker A: Hooray!
Speaker A: As it says.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Freco provided out the cafeteria.
Speaker A: I don't know how that got there.
Speaker C: Anyway.
Speaker C: Who wrote that one?
Speaker D: So we need to close this meeting here for our role.
Speaker D: Congratulations.
Speaker C: Good job, guys.
Speaker D: I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on, so I'll just close this one and come back.
Speaker A: Yeah, I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up with.
None: Mm!
None: Perfect.
