None: Oh that rope Okay
Speaker A: So, it's the detailed design meeting. So we're going last meeting.
Speaker A: So first, Mark and Rama are going to present the prototype.
Speaker A: Then Samu will propose some criteria to evaluate this prototype.
Speaker A: Then we are going to do some finance to see if it is feasible.
Speaker A: Then at the end we will evaluate ourselves as a team.
Speaker A: So first, let's see the prototype.
Speaker C: Here we have our prototype model.
Speaker A: And you have some slides?
Speaker A: Yeah, some slides.
Speaker G: So in which... in participant 3 prototype.
Speaker G: So this is our remote control.
Speaker G: It's a working prototype.
Speaker G: You can use it now by switching all these buttons.
Speaker G: So first I present as we came to this perfect model and then we'll give some technical specifications.
Speaker G: So let's start.
Speaker G: Please, next slide.
Speaker G: We analyzed all the fruits and contacted NASA and made some real good.
Speaker G: Yeah, if you can see this and the stars are showing that we are doing right and society will accept it, for sure.
Speaker G: Making some analysis of different fruits, we choose the ultimate form, ultimate colors and ultimate smell of it.
Speaker G: Please, next slide.
Speaker G: But we still didn't want to go far from our titanium idea because it's the most of the model, the ever-murdering material we can select.
Speaker G: And it's practical and it still sits for our needs.
Speaker G: So please press something.
Speaker G: And as I said...
Speaker G: Hey!
Speaker G: Hey, this person, everyone is really, really glad to obtain this such a device.
Speaker G: So you can touch it with your own hand.
Speaker A: Can I?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker E: What do you say?
Speaker E: It says...
Speaker F: No.
Speaker D: I'll buy it.
Speaker F: What do you say if I need to?
Speaker F: Hopefully my daughter will like it.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: And we got the answer.
Speaker G: Yes, of course.
Speaker F: Of course.
Speaker G: Of course.
Speaker G: Please, next slide.
Speaker G: This is the prototype you can have a look at it.
Speaker G: And that's all I wanted to say.
Speaker G: Now it's technical specification by our colleague.
Speaker D: So there's a button missing.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: This is really flexible.
Speaker D: I have your button.
Speaker C: Option.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So function.
Speaker C: So as we discussed, we have to switch on, switch off whenever we want.
Speaker C: And so we have buttons and using LCD or like you can use this jock wheel and select which are option on LCD and then do on and off.
Speaker C: Then you will have volume control.
Speaker C: So you can press this button to increase or decrease your volume.
Speaker C: And we have some LCD controls like switching the LCD display.
Speaker C: If you want to use LCD or you don't want, you can just use normal button.
Speaker C: And we have speech recognizer.
Speaker C: Here you have microphone and then it records your voice and then try to recognize and it converts into the action and location finder.
Speaker C: And we want to do the location basically using speech recognizer.
Speaker C: You can just say, where is my remote control or you can just give some nickname to your remote control.
Speaker B: And then Bob, you can see it.
Speaker B: You are tired then.
Speaker B: You can use it.
Speaker C: So our theme is no fruits, mainly strawberry.
Speaker C: So you can have, oh these are strawberries.
Speaker C: And then you can see the look LCD and all the switches.
Speaker A: Colorful.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So in the material, we want to stick to titanium.
Speaker F: And you want to root spelting, spelky, titanium.
Speaker F: I didn't know it exists but that's great.
Speaker C: So we want to have simple and perfect shapes like I shown in these fonts.
Speaker C: You can have your own designs and you can feel simple designs.
Speaker C: And you can choose colors on your day for each day or even many colors.
Speaker A: You mean we can change the color.
Speaker A: That's for the LCD or for the titanium.
Speaker C: For the LCD.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: For the LCD.
Speaker C: We have titanium.
Speaker C: It's still working on titanium.
Speaker G: Okay.
Speaker G: And you can start with LCD, you can ask Bob, it's Tuesday.
Speaker B: Bob, please.
Speaker B: Hey, you know you're being today.
Speaker C: Tuesday color.
Speaker C: Even you can configure your colors for each day, depending on your mood or black.
Speaker C: You can have many colors on weekend.
Speaker A: And wait, what are the strawberries for?
Speaker C: These are like sensors.
Speaker C: Of course, what do you think?
Speaker E: That's strawberry.
Speaker A: They're useful.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Strawberry.
Speaker C: So after this meeting, we will propose a party for our success.
Speaker C: For large meeting.
Speaker C: So if you are vegetarian or you have any options, please let us know.
Speaker G: Yeah, and we can just treat some strawberries first.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: We'll see you in the financial party.
Speaker A: That's what we get.
Speaker G: Let's make a party first.
Speaker C: Then we can discuss.
Speaker C: We can...
Speaker A: With the five, 50 million, we first make a party.
Speaker C: Then we can have all of its plans, money is left.
Speaker A: What a design.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So...
Speaker A: It's my turn.
Speaker F: Yeah, let's see if you meet the evaluation criteria.
Speaker F: So evaluation, please.
Speaker F: So you made a very nice prototype and I think we now need all together to try to evaluate it, to see if it makes sense to do it, if it fulfills what we wanted to and things like that.
Speaker F: So...
Speaker F: Next slide, please.
Speaker F: As you know, before going and producing these strawberries, remote control, it's very important to first verify if it makes sense, if we have a chance to sell it.
Speaker F: So we need to evaluate it and try to do it in a quantitative way as much as we can.
Speaker F: So what I propose is that we are going to have this scale from one to seven.
Speaker F: One, meaning that yes, it fulfills the criterion, whatever it is.
Speaker F: And seven, meaning no, it doesn't fulfill at all.
Speaker F: And while going to list all the criteria, I'm going to go to that next slide.
Speaker F: And together try to evaluate this according to this criterion from one to seven.
Speaker F: And then we're just going to have an average which will give us the value of our remote control.
Speaker F: Maybe we can have a look at the criteria.
Speaker F: So these are the criteria I thought were important.
Speaker F: Of course, this can be discussed, but let's see.
Speaker F: So let's suppose, so we have fancy here.
Speaker F: And we have this scale from one to seven.
Speaker F: We have four in the middle.
Speaker C: So, what do you think?
Speaker F: Is it fancy?
Speaker A: No, I think that fancy we can say it is fancy.
Speaker F: It is very, very fancy.
Speaker F: Have you ever seen something like that?
Speaker A: I am not the only one who thinks.
Speaker F: What do you think?
Speaker F: Feel the weight.
Speaker F: The weight is later.
Speaker F: I think it is quite fancy.
Speaker F: It is one or two.
Speaker F: Two, maybe two.
Speaker F: So here, two.
Speaker F: Then we have technology.
Speaker F: So what about technology?
Speaker F: We have speech recognition, location based.
Speaker F: We have a CD.
Speaker F: Change color.
Speaker F: I think it is one for that.
Speaker C: Robustness.
Speaker F: So let's suppose my daughter take it and throw it away.
Speaker F: Do you think it makes sense that it is going to live again?
Speaker F: Maybe not the prototype.
Speaker F: Let's try.
Speaker F: Oh my god.
Speaker G: We just lost one strawberry.
Speaker G: No, but it is still working.
Speaker F: You have to go to a bonus.
Speaker F: So it is not so bad.
Speaker F: It is looks like it is robust.
Speaker F: It is useful.
Speaker F: The question is, does it have the minimum requirement of remote control?
Speaker F: I don't know.
Speaker F: These buttons are not clear, but you have at least next.
Speaker C: What is the next challenge?
Speaker A: This is volume control and channel change.
Speaker C: You can do it on LCD using this.
Speaker F: Scrolling all the options.
Speaker F: Because LCD is not touch control, touch screen, you cannot go to channel 25.
Speaker G: You can by using the...
Speaker G: You go...
Speaker G: So it is a basic mode.
Speaker G: You have just two buttons and a drug dial.
Speaker G: If you go to the side, it is channel up, channel down.
Speaker G: If you want to make 25, you push on this.
Speaker G: You select 20, you select 5.
Speaker F: It is much longer than tapping 25.
Speaker F: Don't you think so?
Speaker F: We can go.
Speaker F: It is nice because people don't go there.
Speaker F: So what do you think for it?
Speaker F: It seems to be useful.
Speaker C: If we need to address, we only address two main functions here and the other functions will be on LCD.
Speaker A: Let me understand why, because I am not sure.
Speaker A: This one is two direction.
Speaker A: Up, down or left, right.
Speaker A: Which one is that?
Speaker G: The job is to control the cursor on the LCD.
Speaker C: You will have blocks and you will select which one.
Speaker F: I would say that...
Speaker F: No, it looks useful.
Speaker F: Two or three?
Speaker F: Two or three?
Speaker F: So size and weight.
Speaker F: Is it the effective size and weight?
Speaker F: Is it real size, real weight?
Speaker F: Size is almost size.
Speaker C: Size is going to be that.
Speaker C: The weight will be a bit lighter.
Speaker C: Sure, without titanium.
Speaker G: Titanium is going to be lighter.
Speaker G: It is going to be lighter.
Speaker F: This seems to be very heavy.
Speaker F: From my daughter, for instance.
Speaker F: I am not sure if she can use it.
Speaker C: The size should be okay.
Speaker F: I will put a three for that.
Speaker F: I have not seen the weight.
Speaker F: Color and shape.
Speaker F: Color seems to have several colors for the LCD.
Speaker F: It is not very clear what is the color of the case.
Speaker F: The case is too light.
Speaker F: It is going to be too light.
Speaker A: That is nice.
Speaker A: I think it is good.
Speaker A: What about the strawberries and top?
Speaker A: Maybe I am not trendy.
Speaker F: It is this fruit and vegetable year.
Speaker A: They are not useful.
Speaker F: I think it is useful as I just have to remind you that usefulness is much less important than fanciness.
Speaker F: Whether it is fancier or not now.
Speaker F: We have to decide.
Speaker A: I would have found more fancy that the fruits are useful.
Speaker F: That maybe the fruit may be here.
Speaker C: Then it is difficult to use.
Speaker C: We are just giving the fruits for more fanciness and more and more.
Speaker C: Maybe we can have rubber or some sponches and stuff for strawberries.
Speaker F: It seems to be even so clear.
Speaker A: I am not sure if it was like this.
Speaker C: It is not really good anymore.
Speaker C: These are kind of rubber things.
Speaker C: We can provide many different colors.
Speaker G: It covers all the angles.
Speaker G: Even if it is very rounded.
Speaker G: But still we have some rubber fruit here.
Speaker G: It is completely secure to live with children.
Speaker A: You feel like it is something of protection for the remote control.
Speaker C: We have sensors here and here.
Speaker C: Even if you do not put it on, this is really...
Speaker C: I suggest a 3.
Speaker F: Everybody does not seem to be convinced.
Speaker F: Although it is great.
Speaker F: You have good arguments.
Speaker F: The last one is adaptive.
Speaker F: This is not as important as the other one.
Speaker F: But can we adapt it to each personal use?
Speaker G: Sure, just look at it.
Speaker H: It is fully adaptive.
Speaker F: So you can fit it to your palm.
Speaker F: Do you think you are going to be able to do that with Titan?
Speaker A: It is fudge Titan.
Speaker F: If you are able to do that, then I think it deserves a one.
Speaker F: Let's go for one.
Speaker F: Now we have to do the average.
Speaker F: It is 2.17.
Speaker F: 2.17.
Speaker F: That is nice.
Speaker F: I think we have a good thing.
Speaker F: That is all I have to say about evaluation.
Speaker F: It is a good evaluation.
Speaker C: It seems to be good.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker A: Now it has to fulfill the financial criteria.
Speaker F: How many batteries do we need?
Speaker F: One battery?
Speaker F: Two.
Speaker C: This is one.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker F: Two batteries are one.
Speaker A: No, number is one.
Speaker A: No, no, no, no.
Speaker E: You never use an XL?
Speaker E: What is the limit?
Speaker G: It is okay that I do not know.
Speaker G: 12 bucks.
Speaker E: Check the number also.
Speaker F: We have a sample chip.
Speaker C: One.
Speaker C: And then we have the sample speaker sensor for speech recognition.
Speaker F: One or two?
Speaker F: So the case, which one is it?
Speaker C: I think we will go for a single.
Speaker E: It is flat.
Speaker E: I thought you can curve it.
Speaker E: Maybe there is a superman for that.
Speaker A: I think the price is this one.
Speaker H: Don't you?
Speaker F: I think we tried.
Speaker F: What is it?
Speaker A: That is expensive.
Speaker F: I think it is five.
Speaker A: You know why?
Speaker A: I think it is a special color.
Speaker C: There is no color here.
Speaker A: How many buttons?
Speaker A: Two.
Speaker B: Is there the score?
Speaker C: One.
Speaker A: This one.
Speaker A: That is not.
Speaker A: We choose this one and not this one.
Speaker F: I think no.
Speaker A: Is it a scroll wheel and pinch button?
Speaker A: How do you do to select?
Speaker F: You select with the other two buttons.
Speaker A: You go on the location with your screen.
Speaker C: Then you automatically, you can just do like if you go.
Speaker C: You have all of these.
Speaker A: She is very hard on this.
Speaker E: Maybe not this one.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: We have buttons.
Speaker F: Nothing special.
Speaker A: We are at 17.8.
Speaker A: The color is in the LCD.
Speaker C: I think we can just use this red.
Speaker A: It is already too expensive.
Speaker F: I am not ready.
Speaker F: I am always supposed to cut things out now until we get 12.
Speaker A: Think of what we can cut here.
Speaker F: If I look at what is the most expensive thing, it is the LCD and the speaker.
Speaker A: Apparently we have to choose one or the other.
Speaker G: As you may know, there is some research done in the field of producing energy from mechanical energy.
Speaker G: The point is that when you take a device and push the button, you produce enough energy to make electricity.
Speaker G: It is something like hand dynamo, but a real high-tech version of it.
Speaker A: But it is like the hand dynamo.
Speaker C: Maybe the jack wheel can be lit.
Speaker F: If we select the hand dynamo, it is okay.
Speaker F: We win one.
Speaker G: That is already there.
Speaker A: Let's do that.
Speaker G: I propose about cheaps, advanced, cheap on print.
Speaker G: Put minus one there.
Speaker D: That is illegal.
Speaker A: Let's try.
Speaker A: Maybe minus three.
Speaker C: What is the result?
Speaker F: It is not changing.
Speaker F: Maybe put minus two.
Speaker E: Is it not?
Speaker H: Anyway, the minus three.
Speaker F: Nobody will know.
Speaker F: It is not recorded.
Speaker F: We are on time.
Speaker C: We can increase the volume.
Speaker A: We can put hand dynamo on the battery.
Speaker F: Now we are exceeding.
Speaker G: Let's add one instead of two.
Speaker C: I think we are exceeding now.
Speaker F: It is better.
Speaker F: I think the accounting is maximum.
Speaker F: We will remove one of them.
Speaker A: We are on target.
Speaker A: Target reached.
Speaker F: I am curious to see this.
Speaker A: I would say it is Russian.
Speaker F: It is a Russian trick.
Speaker A: It is English.
Speaker G: It is a Russian trick.
Speaker G: I am not sure who was programming this.
Speaker G: I wonder if we put A or B somewhere.
Speaker D: Let's finish this.
Speaker E: We can discuss all these things in our party.
Speaker A: What else?
Speaker E: We have to make a self-assessment.
Speaker F: Are we a good team?
Speaker F: We have to listen to everybody.
Speaker G: Is there enough room for creativity?
Speaker F: When we see the results, no doubt.
Speaker F: Maybe lack of leadership.
Speaker D: Teamwork is strong.
Speaker F: It means whiteboard digital pens.
Speaker G: What was good?
Speaker E: Digital pens useful.
Speaker A: We have to make a new idea.
Speaker A: So lack, but good.
Speaker G: We can play a good team.
Speaker F: It is somewhere in the shade.
Speaker F: We are on time.
Speaker F: We have to finish before.
Speaker E: We made a far meeting.
Speaker F: Not the best time.
Speaker C: We have a new idea, speech recognition, location, finding, new materials, new materials, new services, fancy strawberry design.
Speaker A: New ways of doing finance.
Speaker F: Just wondering if I can make the pinkness of that.
Speaker A: They are working on a pink titanium.
Speaker C: We are great.
Speaker E: No other words for that.
Speaker E: We are the best real reaction.
Speaker A: We are really nice.
Speaker A: Finish?
Speaker A: I think it is.
Speaker F: Are the cost we need the budget?
Speaker C: Is the project evaluated?
Speaker F: Yes, we got two.
Speaker G: We can even forecast all the day proposals, like celebration, we could forecast it.
Speaker F: To the whole company?
Speaker F: I am the one proposing the celebration.
Speaker A: I am the program manager.
Speaker F: Let's celebrate.
Speaker H: I think the meeting is over.
Speaker C: We have to.
Speaker A: We go to the party.
None: Thank you.
None: We are going to go to the party.
None: We are going to go to the party.
