None: Fright thataturdays WAIT I could it MMMMadd Oh Okay, good afternoon. Hope you have good lunch.
Speaker B: Yeah, three-hat for Luffle.
Speaker E: Oh, nice.
Speaker E: And you?
Speaker C: Yes, I had something similar, but non-vegetarian.
Speaker E: Okay, so today is our third meeting.
Speaker E: This will be about the conceptual design.
Speaker E: If I come back to the minutes of the last meetings, we decided not to go for speech recognition technologies, because of some reasons. And we are not decided about the use of the screen on the remote control because of costs.
Speaker E: So maybe we will be able to clarify this question today.
Speaker E: At the end of the meeting, we should take a decision on that point.
Speaker E: So I hope that your respective presentations will help us.
Speaker E: So each of you have some presentation to perform. Who starts?
Speaker A: Okay, we are starting.
Speaker E: Marketing. So you saved your presentation somewhere?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So you're four?
Speaker A: Four, yeah.
Speaker E: Which is trend watch.
Speaker E: Okay, Mr. Marketing Experts.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's me.
Speaker A: So good point.
Speaker A: Well, I investigate the preference more.
Speaker A: I investigate deeper the preference of the users.
Speaker A: Also the current investigation, sorry, the current.
Speaker A: Then current trends.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Doesn't sound.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, what I found. Can you?
Speaker E: Next slide.
Speaker A: Yeah. Thank you. What I found in order of importance, from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device.
Speaker A: After they want something new, technologically speaking.
Speaker A: But the most, what they find more interesting, more important is a fancy look and feel instead of the current trend, which was the functional look and feel.
Speaker A: So now, more cool aspect, more, a cooler aspect rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with, instead of, instead of a device which can do many things, a device which is pleasant to watch to see.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker A: Also, well, in Europe, in Paris and Milan, the, in Paris and Milan, the current trend of clothes, furniture and all this fashion, it's, it's free.
Speaker A: And the, the theme is free time, vegetables.
Speaker A: And also, in the, in the USA, the, the current, the more, the most popular feeling, it's, it's a spongy.
Speaker A: Spongy means, a pongy.
Speaker A: So maybe we should, we should think in, in this direction.
Speaker C: What do you mean by fruit and vegetables and spongy?
Speaker A: What do you mean, it's like, fruit vegetables is the, the new, have you seen the last, exposition of clothes in Milan?
Speaker C: No, I missed that one.
Speaker A: Yeah, I, I didn't miss an, I didn't miss an, I saw that the fruits, there are many pictures of fruits and vegetables in the world.
Speaker C: Oh, okay. So they're not like dressed as a carrot, they just have, like, not yet.
Speaker C: Pictures of fruit on, okay.
Speaker C: So we're not going to have a remote control in the shape of, of a banana just, maybe.
Speaker A: Yeah. Visit all the textures and all this can,
Speaker E: Dreams of bananas.
Speaker C: Okay. And, there. Yeah.
Speaker B: But what's your suggestion, how we can have some shape like that on the, one?
Speaker E: One, so this is the next slide, so don't you?
Speaker A: No, no, it's not. It's not.
Speaker A: So which fruit are you thinking of?
Speaker C: Mmm.
Speaker A: Neither. I haven't thought of any particular fruit, but the general aspect of the, of the remote control may, may, could remain some kind of vegetable, some kind of, instead of vegetable, some natural, natural, object of something.
Speaker E: But yeah, it depends on the, you can display a banana on the whole city.
Speaker C: I think you want the remote control to be the shape of a fruit or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the, this buttons are, the shape of fruits.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe the shape, the shape buttons are in the shape of fruits or something.
Speaker B: Apple, banana, something like that.
Speaker A: Not, not, not, not too much focus.
Speaker A: Not too, not too, not too similar to a fruit because next year the, the trend, the trend will be different.
Speaker A: So we shouldn't be really attached to, to the trend.
Speaker C: So something that looks half like a fruit and half like an elephant?
Speaker A: For instance, yeah.
Speaker A: African or Asian or African?
Speaker B: Let me just discuss that.
Speaker C: Okay, I'm not, I'm not really sure if that would really appeal to everyone though.
Speaker C: Just to fashion gurus.
Speaker C: Like maybe just like a little bit, a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner.
Speaker C: But I don't know about a, I don't know how ergonomic an origin.
Speaker A: Maybe we should first specify what target are we focusing.
Speaker A: I think in my opinion, we should focus on, on young people because they are more open to new devices.
Speaker A: And also, yeah, according to the marketing report, 95% of young people was, was able to, to buy a, a cooler remote control.
Speaker C: But this is, it's very cool.
Speaker E: What?
Speaker E: That's a question.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: It's very cool.
Speaker A: Yeah?
Speaker A: What? It's the new trend of the...
Speaker C: Well, I guess, you know, Apple has their iPod so...
Speaker C: In my, just because they have an Apple on the, on the product doesn't mean fruit is cool.
Speaker A: No, I think we should think about a shape with it.
Speaker A: A device with the shape of some...
Speaker C: Okay, but it has to be easy to, to use though and to hold, you know, you know, on a pair or a watermelon.
Speaker A: Then you think we can find a, the shape of a fruit which is handy?
Speaker A: Well, probably the only thing is a banana.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't think of a cucumber.
Speaker C: Or maybe it's log.
None: Maybe.
Speaker C: It's a green.
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker C: So, but I mean, you also have to, you also have fit all the buttons and, you know, it's, it...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The thing is you have to, normally with, with buttons, they have to be at some point attached to a circuit board.
Speaker C: So if you're going to have things like on a cylindrical kind of device, it may be difficult to kind of, to build.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I like, I like your idea that we shouldn't have a lot of buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker E: And you will not have play, a lot of plays to put LCD on a banana also.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Oh, do you want an LCD with 25 euros?
Speaker E: Well, you're a marketing expert.
Speaker E: You should tell us if it's too much more.
Speaker A: Well, according to the, to the report, people are more interested in a fancy look and feel than in a technological innovation.
Speaker A: So, I will give more importance to the look and feel than rather than the...
Speaker E: So you, you...
Speaker E: You need to...
Speaker A: And also it's, I'm not convinced about this LCD because you need internet connection.
Speaker A: You need more things.
Speaker A: It's not just buying a new controlled remote.
Speaker A: You need buying control remote, buying more things.
Speaker E: So you are simply looking to...
Speaker E: A remote controlled that looks like a banana.
Speaker A: For instance.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: For, for, given an example.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So maybe you can go ahead.
Speaker A: Yeah, no, it's what I already said.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Thanks.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I'll give the floor.
Speaker E: So you're using the big guy.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So you're three.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker E: And it's... this one.
None: Yep.
Speaker E: Go for it.
Speaker E: Yep.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So...
Speaker C: Next slide.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So I received an email around lunchtime.
Speaker C: Let me know that the brilliant minds that our technology division have developed an integrated programmable sample, center sample speaker unit, which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control.
Speaker B: It's just a speaker, right?
Speaker C: It's no, what it is.
Speaker C: It's not a microphone.
Speaker C: It has a microphone, has a speaker, it's got a little chip.
Speaker C: And last year...
Speaker B: Actually, I'm not reading microphone there, so that's why you can't have conversations.
Speaker B: Well, it's a sample.
Speaker C: It's a big deal.
Speaker C: It's a sensor sample speaker.
Speaker C: It means that it can recognize, it can do like a match on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that.
Speaker C: But there's no kind of understanding of the phrase.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, I mean, you know, I guess you could build that in.
Speaker C: You could link the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on the remote control.
Speaker C: But basically the thing is we have this technology available.
Speaker C: Enos.
Speaker B: Enos.
Speaker C: Enos.
Speaker C: So, but the thing is obviously there's still going to be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the production of the components.
Speaker C: So, it, it, but it basically means we, we can kind of consider this from a, you know, a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about, you know, how to develop it because we have this already done.
Speaker C: And, past, you know, some people might get annoyed if we, if we just dump it.
Speaker E: Something that I unclear really understanding.
Speaker E: Is this a technology that recognize keywords?
Speaker E: Speech keywords?
Speaker C: It's, it's not, well, it's, it will recognize, I guess keywords, but, you know, keywords in a certain order, like a phrase.
Speaker C: You train it for a certain, for a certain phrase, you say the, the example they said that they have up and running with their prototype is, although they're actually integrating to the, into the coffee machine that, that web producing is, you can say good morning.
Speaker C: The coffee machine, and it can recognize that phrase and it'll play back.
Speaker C: Good morning.
Speaker C: How would you like your coffee?
Speaker E: It's just to play back something.
None: Yeah.
Speaker C: So actually that was a bad example because it doesn't actually ask how do you want your coffee because they can't really understand the response.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So this is not really to do, to, to do control.
Speaker C: Only, like, only in the sense that it can recognize the set, a set target kind of way.
Speaker C: This is just more like a, it's designed, it's designed as a fun kind of thing, but I guess you could use it as a, as a way to implement a.
Speaker E: It's easy, a fancy thing that you can bring to, we can bring to the remote control that we not have any.
Speaker C: Completely pointless, yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Completely pointless.
Speaker E: From the interaction point of view.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Unless you know you like having conversation with your remote control.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Can we use it for saying, okay, channel 50, channel 20?
Speaker C: I mean, if you can, but you have to, I think it's a fairly simple design.
Speaker C: So you would have to record into the device every possible combination.
Speaker C: You have to train it to learn channel 15, that whole thing, not just the word channel and the word 15.
Speaker C: It doesn't have that kind of logic in it.
Speaker E: So this is much more than taking this technology, bringing it to the remote control.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: There would be some development work.
Speaker E: So this is out of discussion.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: So if it is something that we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control.
Speaker A: Mando.
Speaker A: Banana Mando.
Speaker A: Banana Mando.
Speaker E: Banana Mando, yeah.
Speaker E: That, it could be cool.
None: Yeah.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Let's go ahead.
Speaker C: I, I, I, I think it's worth it.
Speaker C: I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design.
Speaker C: It's, it's, it's not mature enough to use as a speed tracking engine.
Speaker C: So, um, yeah.
Speaker C: So if we can just move on to the next slide, I've just done a quick mock up of, uh, some of the features of our potential front-key looking.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It doesn't look like a banana at all.
Speaker C: Well, you see, I was, I was unaware at this point of, of the fruit focus.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Um, so at the moment it looks like a box focus.
Speaker A: You see now you can, I dropped, I dropped it on fruit.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, this is actually, this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be, you know, square so that it packs tighter in the boxes.
Speaker C: But, um, I've just indicated here we could have actually two scroll wheels.
Speaker C: Because I think the scroll wheel is a fairly, um, key part of, you know, I think everyone has the degree that it could be quite a useful, um, thing.
Speaker C: But I think it's important, you know, to have two scroll wheels because, you know, you want one for, for the channel, but you also want one for the volume because it's, it's, the volume is, you know, it's very handy for it to have a instant kind of feedback and response.
Speaker C: So, but, um, I also included this turbo button because I think, you know, every design should have a turbo button.
Speaker C: What's the turbo button?
Speaker C: Well, you see, this is, you know, a unique problem with, with televisions is that if you have this scroll wheel for the television, the, the tuner and the TV is not going to be able to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll.
Speaker C: So, you know, the, the person might want to have a, uh, might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them, which gets it just waits until you stop scrolling and then, you know, displace that station.
Speaker C: Or they might want to scroll and have a quick glimpse of it, even if it lags behind what they're doing.
Speaker A: If you control the speed.
Speaker C: Yeah, so with the turbo button, you can say skip over channels if, uh, you know, if I'm, if I'm going, if I'm scrolling past them and, you know, it's, um, you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel, you know, it's really going fast or whatever.
Speaker C: So, yeah, that's, um, this is the two important features, I think we need on the right, but I mean, we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need.
Speaker C: Um, you know, it could be, you know, if we, if we want to have like a very cheap kind of device, I mean, we could even consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very, if it's going to be a banana, you know, as a pretty gimmicky kind of thing that doesn't have that much functionality is just, you know, it's going to be a little bit more functionality is just, you know, a couple of scroll wheels in the button because it's hard to get so many buttons on the banana and it's still very, it may even be for most, for some people more functional than their current remote, but if they have these scroll wheels so, um, you know, what other buttons do we want?
Speaker C: I mean, we could have, well, I guess you need an on and off switch, but you could, you could turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe.
Speaker C: It's kind of like a spike and a flick. Sounds crazy. I like this idea. That's why you're a marketing. Yeah.
Speaker E: So it looks like we're going completely to forget about the LCD thing.
Speaker C: Well, that's the thing is every decided that we can only spend, uh, 25 year. I think we'll not spend, but, you know, charge.
Speaker A: I think we could use somehow the coffee machine dialogue interface or so.
Speaker E: No, we can't, we can't use that.
Speaker A: You, we can't, we can't use that to.
Speaker E: To command, to communicate is just to fit.
Speaker A: Yeah, we can say 2025. No. No.
Speaker C: But then you have to have a template for every channel for 100 channels you have to be able to recognize.
Speaker C: It's not allowed to 100 templates. Well, I, I think it's probably more than our chicken handle because it's designed for a coffee machine, you know, to say hello in the morning.
Speaker A: Ah, it's designed for a coffee machine.
Speaker C: Well, that's its current application. No, it's kind of, they wouldn't design it to handle 100 things.
Speaker A: Yeah. So maybe you could ask your, you could ask the engineering department.
Speaker E: Yeah. Good. Good. Good thing. You want to move to your slides? You have finished?
Speaker C: Well, I just, I just made the point. I don't, I don't know that speech recognition is, you know, even if we can do it, I think it's not really appropriate for a.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: Television environment. But I did have one thing from a previous meeting you were talking about being able to find the remote control.
Speaker C: And I was talking about extending, being able to extend the remote control by having, you know, a base station that can control other things as well.
Speaker C: It might be useful to have some kind of base station, even if it's just, you press on the button on it and the, and the remote control starts beeping.
Speaker C: You know, this is a way of finding the remote.
Speaker C: In that case, maybe the, maybe the speech recognition, the speech thing could be useful just to say, I'm here.
Speaker C: But it's probably a bit of overkill if you could just have a, so it's a speech.
Speaker B: So it's a, this is kind of thing. Something else. It's, it's just a spoken old.
Speaker C: It's, it's speech in, in speech kind of, not really speech recognition, but kind of pattern.
Speaker C: That's matching.
Speaker E: Well, good idea. Yeah.
Speaker E: Make it.
Speaker E: Okay. Let's move on.
Speaker E: So you too?
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So this is going to be about the component design.
Speaker B: So first thing is we need power source for the remote control.
Speaker B: So I was of the idea that we can have two kind of power supplies. One is the usual batteries, which are there.
Speaker B: They could be chargeable batteries if there's a base station kind of thing.
Speaker B: And on top of that, we can have solar cells. When the lighting conditions are good, they can be used.
Speaker B: So it'd be pretty innovative kind.
Speaker B: Then we need plastic with some elasticity so that if your, if the remote control falls, it's not broken directly into pieces.
Speaker B: There should be some flexibility in.
Speaker C: I guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So there should, we should think of something like that. And then it should be double curve the sides for the ease of handling.
Speaker B: And there are some other issues why we need double curve.
Speaker B: Then controls for the traditional use, traditional users, we can have the push buttons so that they don't feel that it's an alien thing for them.
Speaker C: So this one second, when you say double curve, what do you actually mean? You're looking like drawers, I think, on the whiteboard.
Speaker B: Double curve is you have curves on both the sides if I'm right.
Speaker B: So it's a metrical kind of thing, whatever it is.
Speaker B: Okay, but like, kind of convex.
Speaker B: It could be curve. So it could be convex, convex, convex, depending on what we want.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So there are flats, there are single curve and there are double curves.
Speaker B: These are the three things. And there are different materials with plastic.
Speaker B: You can have double curve, but with certain other materials, we cannot have double curve.
Speaker B: So there were many other materials like wood, titanium and all those things, but plastic is, I think, is the most appropriate one.
Speaker B: It'll bring the cost down. And anyway.
Speaker C: Also, you know, wood could be quite a stylish option.
Speaker C: If you take like, nice quality kind of wood that's got a nice grain and you kind of put some, some varnish on it.
Speaker E: But there is no elasticity. Which wood in pieces.
Speaker C: Well, it depends. I mean, you have, the wood itself is not going to break.
Speaker C: So you don't have to worry too much about the case being broken inside.
Speaker C: Yeah, but inside, you know, you can still have some kind of cushioning that's not visible to the user.
Speaker E: Very too expensive to do.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: And I mean, you can also, you can have just a very thin veneer of wood as well.
Speaker E: Yeah, but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than in wood.
Speaker C: That's true. But are we set on the banana idea?
Speaker E: Actually, I was thinking that the shape of a banana is not, it's not really handy.
Speaker E: Yes, it is.
Speaker A: I don't know the name in English.
Speaker A: It's not a free. It is a vegetable.
Speaker C: It's like a pumpkin or?
Speaker E: Pumpkin.
Speaker A: Green.
Speaker A: Green.
Speaker E: Green.
Speaker E: I'm...
Speaker E: Yes, I see.
Speaker E: What is it?
Speaker A: And you put in the salad.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah, what's it in French?
Speaker C: It's a...
Speaker E: Okay, so it capsicum all of pepper.
Speaker E: Pepper.
Speaker E: But...
Speaker A: It also sweets with the double cure for easier.
Speaker C: I don't know, it seems a little bit kind of bulky for me.
Speaker A: No, I mean, in a...
Speaker C: It's not true.
Speaker E: Like, you're a fancy and fancy and fun.
Speaker E: You think that young people are...
Speaker E: I'm sure it's fun.
Speaker E: More than a banana?
Speaker A: But banana is not so handy.
Speaker A: I think that's...
Speaker B: It's more handy.
Speaker B: It's more than a rest compared to this, I think, and to capsicum.
Speaker C: But, you know, like a banana, you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top and just...
Speaker C: Roll it back and forth like that.
Speaker C: It's kind of...
Speaker E: I don't know how you would hold a capsicum.
Speaker E: It's really ergonomic.
Speaker E: It fits in the hand.
Speaker E: You had a lot of soft face to...
Speaker E: To put the control.
Speaker E: Okay, let's move.
Speaker E: Yeah, all right.
Speaker E: So, Stami is running.
Speaker B: Okay, so push buttons for the traditional user so that they don't feel they are alienated.
Speaker B: Just...
Speaker B: And a scroll button with push technology for channel selection volume control and teletext browsing.
Speaker B: These are the three scroll buttons which are already available with us.
Speaker B: In the company and we can go ahead with that.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, we can go to the next slide.
Speaker B: Then there are different kind of chips.
Speaker B: One is the basic chip and then regular chip and then advanced chip.
Speaker B: So we can have regular chip for control.
Speaker B: Pricing is a factor for us.
Speaker B: That's why we'll go for the regular chip.
Speaker B: And regular chip support, speaker support.
Speaker B: So this functionality could be used for tracing the mobile phone which has been missed.
Speaker C: So, when you say speaker support, you mean it just has some output pins which kind of...
Speaker C: It could be a beep kind of thing.
Speaker C: Okay, but the speaker is actually attached to the chip in some way or is it just the signal?
Speaker B: Yes, that's right.
Speaker B: It's on to the chip.
Speaker B: Most probably.
Speaker B: Not 100% shareable.
Speaker C: So, are there any issues where we place this chip to make sure you can actually hear the speaker from the outside of the banana?
Speaker B: That will be the volume control I think which a user...
Speaker B: It should be already predefined.
Speaker B: It should be whatever be the case, the chip is always going to be sitting inside.
Speaker C: Yeah, but the speaker is actually on the chip.
Speaker C: Then if it's too far away from the casing or if the casing is too thick, then you may not hear the speaker.
Speaker B: So we can have it at one of the boundaries so that things are slightly better.
Speaker B: As far as hearing is concerned, we can have some gap at some place.
Speaker C: So there's only have to keep in mind with the actual physical designers to keep the speaker close enough to the outside.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So these were the components selection in these things.
Speaker B: We can go to the next slide.
Speaker B: And these were the findings which I saw with the web.
Speaker B: That user wants to have control more than one device, wants to control more than one device from the same remote control.
Speaker B: So our TV remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like VCR DVD players which are usually attached with the TV because users are like this that they don't want to have one remote control for everything.
Speaker B: With this additional little, we might be having slightly better market for us.
Speaker C: It depends.
Speaker C: If we are concentrating on a fruit design, then maybe we want to sell a collection of fruit.
Speaker C: You have a different fruit for each device.
Speaker C: Because sometimes people like to collect more things that are similar.
Speaker A: I think that would be funny at the beginning, but after one month, you will be tired of being surrounded of fruit.
Speaker C: Well, you still only wanted to do fruit in the first place.
Speaker A: No, but I think just one fruit to control everything.
Speaker C: Like a power fruit.
Speaker A: A power, a power, a mando, a super mando fruit.
Speaker B: And as well as I could see on the web, there is crawl button is becoming really a hot thing.
Speaker B: And we should have it on the remote.
Speaker A: I didn't understand very well this trace speaker lost control.
Speaker B: So you are having a base station.
Speaker B: Usually your remote sits on that.
Speaker B: That's why it can have chargeable batteries.
Speaker A: Now let's say you have to buy two things.
Speaker A: The banana and the base station.
Speaker E: Base station is with the thing.
Speaker E: You bought the war thing.
Speaker B: It's like a telephone handset is there and the base station for the telephone handset is there.
Speaker B: So now what user gets additionally, he doesn't have to buy batteries.
Speaker B: They are rechargeable batteries.
Speaker B: So all the period of time he will recover the cost.
Speaker B: So you are having the base station and there is a button.
Speaker B: If you press that button, wherever the remote it will start beeping.
Speaker B: So you know where the remote is.
Speaker C: I think it's a pretty handy feature.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think it's kind of people would find it worth it even if it wasn't a recharging station.
Speaker C: Even if they didn't have to buy extra batteries.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: I'm worried about the budget.
Speaker B: This is base station is nothing more just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable.
Speaker B: And you are having one socket on which the thing sits.
Speaker C: I thought you do need to include RF kind of.
Speaker C: That's right.
Speaker B: But all these things are usually in house so we don't have much problems.
Speaker B: So component cost is going to be the least.
Speaker B: Anyway, we are not using very advanced technology.
Speaker B: LCD has already been ruled out.
Speaker B: ASR has been ruled out.
Speaker B: So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user friendly.
Speaker C: I'm just wondering actually because you know this whole fruit thing with the banana.
Speaker C: It's like a first seems a bit kind of niche.
Speaker C: Many people would really want a banana.
Speaker C: But what if it was kind of a stylised banana?
Speaker C: Rather than having it kind of yellow and really looking exactly like a banana.
Speaker C: It could make it kind of silver.
Speaker C: And to give you kind of the idea of a banana but without it looking completely kitsch.
Speaker C: One for better word.
Speaker E: You're using a yellow as kitsch.
Speaker C: I don't know how many people.
Speaker E: You make some things that look like a banana.
Speaker E: You can have the colour of a banana.
Speaker B: Otherwise you don't get anything.
Speaker B: Maybe like that.
Speaker B: It's neither of a banana nor a.
Speaker C: Yeah, like this colour.
Speaker C: Maybe, you know, maybe like still in the shape of a banana.
Speaker E: Roughly.
Speaker C: No, exactly.
Speaker C: Exactly.
Speaker C: But you know, just maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana.
Speaker C: And just kind of, you know, because the thing is it's going to be a little bit difficult to make.
Speaker C: To give like the texture of a banana anyway and to have the exact shape.
Speaker C: I think if you're going to not be able to do it properly you may as well do it in a stylised way.
Speaker C: That just looks a bit more kind of, you know, 21st century rather than 60 or 70s.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Let's move on.
Speaker E: Going to the last slide.
Speaker E: Before ending the meeting I'd like to draw some sketch about the future prototype.
Speaker D: Go for it.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, no, not you.
Speaker E: You can finish your slides.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So anyway, users will be, so the findings is users will be very interested in our locator divide to find their misplaced amounts.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So that was very, I thought it's a very suggestion by everybody.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: That's all.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: So we're done for the presentations.
Speaker E: So we need to take some decisions about what we're going to do.
Speaker E: So I propose that you go to the whiteboard.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And we're going to report all the ideas we had during these presentations just to draw some sketch about what will be the final product and our super mango banana.
Speaker E: And with the basis extra functionalities such as wheels, the speaker you need, well, not too lost the device.
Speaker E: I don't remember what you call it.
Speaker E: That's right.
Speaker E: The basis station.
Speaker E: Basis station, yeah.
Speaker E: So we're going for a stylish banana shape.
Speaker C: Yeah. So I guess you want to hold like the way the end of the banana you want to kind of hold.
Speaker C: You may want to kind of hold like a gun rather than because you don't want to point kind of towards the floor.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: So, you know, so if you have like.
Speaker A: What about what are these shape more or less?
Speaker B: Well, there's less space on this to put the buttons.
Speaker E: Yeah, if it has really more of a banana, you could the starting is good, but it could it should have more of a shape of a banana if you want to point really.
Speaker E: I just think if you don't want to do that that movement, which is which is difficult, if you don't have to do it, in fact, it's better.
Speaker E: So that time is running. We have to move forward.
Speaker E: So let's skip to this this this this idea.
Speaker C: Yeah. Okay. So.
Speaker E: So we have this we have a basis. How do you call it?
Speaker E: The base station. A base station. We'll have a base station extra on the side.
Speaker C: Okay. So I guess we need, you know, something that can fit a banana shaped object.
Speaker E: Yeah. Yeah. We have a RF for for beating.
Speaker E: That's right. Yeah.
Speaker E: For beating. We need RF to be.
Speaker E: So, so that means we need a button on the basis.
Speaker B: Yeah. Basis station.
Speaker E: Basis station. Thank you.
Speaker C: All right. So we need.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker E: Can you go quickly please? Okay.
Speaker E: So we are going to add also your as you suggested, the wheels, some wheels to control the volumes and channels.
Speaker E: Yeah. And your turbo, turbo.
Speaker C: Yeah. I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the device.
Speaker E: Yeah. So you have maybe here and the wheel at the level of the thumb, for instance.
Speaker C: Yeah. So you have the thumb kind of here and you have two wheels.
Speaker C: So yeah. You need one one here and one on the other side.
Speaker C: Okay. Right. So you get volume and channel. Good. And so no LCD.
Speaker E: No LCD. Okay. Great.
Speaker C: Very good. Okay. Oh, we need we need a power on off switch as well.
Speaker B: Yeah. For the remote. Yeah.
Speaker E: Just don't have power. No, no for the TV for the TV.
Speaker B: Okay. So you know that will be controlled by the buttons will be there already.
Speaker B: Where? Means on the side.
Speaker B: Because remote is going to have both the interfaces, scroll as well as buttons.
Speaker B: They are not going to cost you much.
Speaker B: Everything is in house and now you don't want the traditional users to be.
Speaker C: Apprehensive of this. Well, I don't know if the traditional user is going to buy a.
Speaker C: Up and on a remote. Oh, the first place. Yes.
Speaker C: That's that's another issue. I mean, you need to kind of keep it.
Speaker B: But you know, our targets are very high means 50 million euros is the profit.
Speaker C: Which we want to talk about. Yeah. How many of these to be one or so?
Speaker B: I can't remember. 25. 25 is the profit on one.
Speaker C: Yeah. But how many units did we need to sell?
Speaker B: 44 million. 4 million. 4.4 million.
Speaker C: 0.4 million. That's a lot of fruit.
Speaker E: Yeah. In the market. What about so?
Speaker E: Well, no time is running. We have to close the meeting in a few minutes.
Speaker E: So, okay. The next step you can come back to sit.
Speaker E: The next step is to go for is to go to building a prototype based on this.
Speaker E: Okay. Okay. So next meeting you guys have to prefer the fully things.
Speaker E: You have to work on the look and feel design and you have to work on the user interface.
Speaker E: In fact, you two, you have to work together to model the first prototype.
Speaker E: Marketing expert has to go to product evaluation.
Speaker A: Okay. What about adding this key word spot in recognition saying volume up, volume down?
Speaker A: It's too difficult. It's too difficult. But people like innovation.
Speaker A: And that's really innovative. And I don't know if it would cost a lot.
Speaker A: There's a few, five words.
Speaker E: It's not possible to implement it for the next prototype. So it's in the next prototype.
Speaker B: So let's keep it. Okay. For the future of prototypes.
Speaker E: Yeah. Maybe. If it works well, we will go for the range of banana plus plus.
Speaker E: Yeah. First, yeah. Yeah. All other fruit.
Speaker E: Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker E: Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker E: Thank you.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker C: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: The problem is after all this meeting that is down.
Speaker B: It's a meeting.
Speaker B: It's a meeting.
None: Thank you.
