None: you you you you you you you N as It's the same as on the top of it with the round like this one.
Speaker B: But we do think it's what it is for.
Speaker B: Which prefers the customer.
Speaker D: I think this is the device which has a learning curve.
Speaker D: Not for users.
Speaker D: Users device as normal users use remote control.
Speaker D: And after a while they start to develop some skills in the voice recognition functions.
Speaker D: And then they will not use this dial as often.
Speaker D: But other users who are new to this device need something like that.
Speaker D: They need to understand how to change channels and change the volume.
Speaker D: So it's easier for them.
Speaker F: Could I see this crowbar as a sort of shortcut?
Speaker C: Yeah maybe so.
Speaker F: And voice recognition as well.
Speaker F: Maybe you could.
Speaker D: Wow it's another approach.
Speaker D: It's more that are as I feel back in the room.
Speaker D: There are many ways of doing things on such a device.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: It's quite easy.
Speaker F: Okay good.
Speaker F: And the case is rubber.
Speaker D: Yes rubber.
Speaker F: And the buttons.
Speaker D: Plastic or rubber.
Speaker D: Plastic or rubber.
Speaker F: Oh yeah.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: And the coloring yellow with gray or black.
Speaker D: Or something like that.
Speaker D: Whatever cost the least.
Speaker F: Okay we'll come to that later.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Anything else to add or?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Maybe we should think about these buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Or you could use two of them to program the channels on the two channel button.
Speaker D: But these are tasks that are only executed once I think.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: But maybe you do want to program buttons to for example activate the voice recognition or train the voice recognition.
Speaker D: Oh okay.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker B: Or something on the button for disabling the voice recognition.
Speaker F: Yeah although by pressing the button for I don't know two or three seconds you could also say you disable it with a little beep.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Okay that's not really really important.
Speaker B: This is the basic idea.
Speaker B: The basic.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker F: For prototype.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: You thought of some evaluation criteria?
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: My name is not the name.
Speaker E: You are nameless.
Speaker F: You are nameless.
Speaker E: Well I use the earlier documents.
Speaker E: And these are the most important criteria.
Speaker E: That's how the fashion guy is stated.
Speaker E: Fancy look and feel.
Speaker B: So just walk through it step by step.
Speaker B: I mean it's fancy.
Speaker B: Everything I believe.
Speaker B: I believe it's fancy.
Speaker E: I believe it's fancy too.
Speaker E: But apparently we shouldn't evaluate it yet.
Speaker E: Oh.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So these are the criteria.
Speaker E: I think these are the most important criteria.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Well.
Speaker F: So that's about it.
Speaker F: Then we'll switch to my presentation.
Speaker F: The prediction costs.
Speaker F: The costs are not under.
Speaker F: Can I?
Speaker F: Aww.
Speaker F: This is the.
Speaker E: 22.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: It's way above the 12 year of 50.
Speaker F: And what makes it very expensive is for example the solar cell.
Speaker F: So I guess we should skip that because it's not that important.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: What is the price?
Speaker B: And the price.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker F: The number of items and the sum.
Speaker F: Well this is what I would call our luxury model.
Speaker F: If you look at the what we could do to make it more to make it just between the 12 year of 50 then I did the following changes.
Speaker F: 12 euro 40 cents I came up with by leaving out solar cells by not using the voice recognition feature because it's a four euro addition to the price.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I believe.
Speaker F: Push button.
None: Well.
Speaker F: It makes it 13.
None: Yeah.
Speaker F: Push buttons are not the most expensive but do at extra cost.
Speaker F: So yeah this design is not within our price model.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: But I'm afraid it's not complete because we use special materials.
Speaker D: The last item.
Speaker D: You have not added one item there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So it's way too expensive.
Speaker F: It's still too expensive.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker D: But that's only for the buttons.
Speaker F: I guess if we leave the if we leave this one out.
Speaker F: And maybe not use a special form.
Speaker B: And a plus and just plus button.
Speaker B: So instead of rubber.
Speaker F: It becomes a very dull remote control.
Speaker F: I know.
Speaker F: But it's the board decision.
Speaker F: And yeah.
Speaker D: Well basically when this is our only option we should even consider changing the casing because I think there's very little added value in an enhanced case with these dual functions.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: I know maybe we should look at a focus on another type of movement.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Not all that fancy but just way way more easy.
Speaker F: Basic.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: And maximize the profit.
Speaker D: And that's maybe that's better.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe we could we should go for straight and simple.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But that's not what has been asked.
Speaker F: I know.
Speaker D: I know.
Speaker D: So we should kick the boards.
Speaker D: Well.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Although I think we could still make a remote control that applies more to young people by giving it another color already.
Speaker F: So it is possible to make a device that attracts a little bit more to young people.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker F: But I agree it's not a fancy high tech device.
Speaker F: Definitely not.
Speaker F: It's not that innovative or however you pronounce that.
Speaker F: So, okay.
Speaker F: Oh, this is the wrong one.
Speaker F: So that means redesign.
Speaker F: We do not have the time now to redesign the product.
Speaker F: But we can evaluate the process and the satisfaction on how things went.
Speaker F: I'm not sure if we need to evaluate the device first.
Speaker F: I guess.
Speaker E: Well, since we're not going to manufacture it anyway.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: That's true.
Speaker D: Well, maybe it's good to do it anyway.
Speaker D: Because if we can also determine if our objectives are good.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: So.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker F: Well.
Speaker D: Is it fancy?
Speaker D: It is.
Speaker F: It is.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker E: I think it's a rubber.
Speaker F: You like the rubber at all.
Speaker D: I'm into it.
Speaker D: So, one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's not that fancy.
Speaker F: No, I'll give it a two.
Speaker D: I think it would have been more fancy if we used the titanium housing.
Speaker D: The casing.
Speaker D: It would be.
Speaker D: You like that.
Speaker D: I'm into it.
Speaker F: That's a flavor as well.
Speaker D: It has flavor.
Speaker D: Yes, that's right.
Speaker D: But you taste it.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker F: Yeah, I know.
Speaker F: But that's fancy in the way.
Speaker F: I mean, fancy has a lot of.
Speaker D: It has to do with fashion, I guess.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, do we.
Speaker E: It's trendy.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: What they wanted was colors and soft materials.
Speaker E: So, in that way.
Speaker F: It applies.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It's fancy.
Speaker B: I'll just give it a two.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: I think it's not the ultimate thing.
Speaker D: It's not the ultimate thing.
Speaker D: It's not the ultimate thing.
Speaker D: It's not the ultimate thing.
Speaker D: But I would have been more fancy by using the double curved case.
Speaker D: It would have been even more fancy.
Speaker D: But we decided not to because if we use double.
Speaker D: Yeah, but that's the case.
Speaker D: We couldn't use solar.
Speaker B: So looking at the user needs, we only don't have the double curved case.
Speaker B: We do have the rubber.
Speaker B: We do have the colors.
Speaker B: There's two out of three.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker D: So, I believe we're close to two.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker D: Yes, I agree.
Speaker D: It's okay.
Speaker D: We did good.
Speaker D: Yes, we did good.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And what is it?
Speaker E: Inevitive.
Speaker F: Well, with the voice recognition feature.
Speaker D: And it's over.
Speaker D: Or can we?
Speaker D: No, we are evaluating this design now.
Speaker F: This prototype.
Speaker D: I think it is.
Speaker D: I think it's innovative.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: In the scroll wheel, the solar, not many remotes have the solar, I think.
Speaker D: It could have been a little bit more innovative by using the kinetic energy source.
Speaker D: But it's what it would have been a thrill.
Speaker E: Yes.
Speaker E: Also, I think it's a two.
Speaker E: Is it easy to use?
Speaker F: I'm not sure.
Speaker F: I'm not sure.
Speaker B: Well, yeah, the voice recognition, of course, is hard to learn, I think.
Speaker B: Well, hard.
Speaker B: It's not for the elderly.
Speaker D: They won't use it.
Speaker D: There are two parts in this remote control.
Speaker D: What you see here is the basic part.
Speaker D: Everybody can use it.
Speaker D: So that's easy to use.
Speaker D: That's for another user.
Speaker D: When you have a more advanced level of users, well, such a user really would like to explore all these additional functions.
Speaker D: In that way, it is advanced.
Speaker D: I think it's easy to use for both types of users.
Speaker D: I think it's not very easy for you.
Speaker B: I think it's free.
Speaker F: Wouldn't give it more.
Speaker F: I'm doubting as well.
Speaker E: The most important function is easy to use.
Speaker E: The zapping, channel switching, volume.
Speaker E: But the more advanced functions are probably a bit harder.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Two or three, what would be your guess?
Speaker F: I mean, ease of use does not only apply to the most basic functions.
Speaker F: It's overall.
Speaker F: It's the device easy to use.
Speaker D: That's right.
Speaker D: You're right in that.
Speaker D: But I guess an advanced user will find the voice recognition function easy to use.
Speaker D: Because he is already, she is already an advanced user.
Speaker D: Personally, I would give it two.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: At all, three.
None: Yeah.
None: Good question.
Speaker E: I'll go for the two.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Two, two, and three.
Speaker D: Two-free.
Speaker D: So I could make it easy.
Speaker D: So that will be three in general.
Speaker D: No, two and a half.
Speaker D: If you make a four.
Speaker D: No, six and four.
Speaker D: Six and four is ten.
Speaker D: And by four is two and a half.
Speaker D: So darn.
Speaker D: May.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But all.
Speaker D: Seven, three.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Four and a three together.
Speaker D: Four.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: You have a two.
Speaker B: Two, three.
Speaker B: Three.
Speaker B: No, I haven't said anything yet.
Speaker B: May.
Speaker F: I know.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: But if I would say a three, then it's six and four is ten.
Speaker B: Divided by four.
Speaker F: Divided by four is two.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If you want to have the conclusion as a three, then you would make a four.
Speaker B: If you fill out a four.
Speaker F: But I'm filling in a three, so it will be a 2.5.
Speaker D: But that's not possible to fill in.
Speaker D: Yes, it is.
Speaker F: So we have to run.
Speaker F: I have a veto.
Speaker F: Exactly.
Speaker F: It's not about the content.
Speaker F: It's about...
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker E: Is it easy to find?
Speaker F: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Yeah, we haven't really worked it out, but it most doesn't...
Speaker B: You can just say find and he repeats find.
Speaker F: Yeah, or beeps or...
Speaker B: Yeah, but that's the basic idea of the speaker.
Speaker B: I think.
Speaker D: I'm here.
Speaker D: I'm here.
Speaker D: Something like that.
Speaker D: Maybe you have to program it once to let it respond to a certain word or a sentence and something like...
Speaker D: Even without it.
Speaker D: Where are you?
Speaker D: And then it will sing, I'm here.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So something like that.
Speaker F: We should not stay too long on this subject because of the time.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: But I personally give it a one.
Speaker F: Sebastian?
Speaker D: Yeah, me too.
Speaker D: Me too.
Speaker F: Yeah, I think.
Speaker F: Right.
Speaker F: Well, the feel of remote control is spongy.
Speaker F: Well, it can't be more spongy.
Speaker D: Well, it can be.
Speaker D: There are cases in which the outside casing can be...
Speaker D: Is this one of our...
Speaker D: One of our options.
Speaker D: No, it's not one of our options.
Speaker D: No, okay.
Speaker D: This is when you're looking at the market.
Speaker F: For your options given, it's the most points you want.
Speaker D: Yes, but that's not what they're talking about, I think, because we compare all these characteristics with markets, with the real market.
Speaker D: So there are remote controls out there, which are a lot more spongy.
Speaker D: They're out there.
Speaker D: In this case, we've done the best we could.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But it's not good enough, so it's a tool.
Speaker F: I'll give it a one.
Speaker D: I'll take one.
Speaker D: You'll take one?
Speaker D: What do you give it?
Speaker E: Oh, yeah, it depends, because it's the most spongy we can...
Speaker F: Yeah, I know, but you have to name it, because we need to go on for the time.
Speaker E: Well, if I give it a one, it will be a one- No, we want health calculations.
Speaker E: So I'll just give it a two and make this a 1.5.
Speaker D: No, no, no.
Speaker D: I'll change it.
Speaker D: I'll make it...
Speaker D: My mark will be a four.
Speaker F: You are...
Speaker F: Okay, the remote control offers enough features.
Speaker F: Well, Root, what do you think about it?
Speaker E: Well, the basic layout doesn't offer much, but the voice recognition could add a lot.
None: So...
Speaker D: Basically, it's completely programmable.
Speaker D: You can add very much functionality by using the voice recognition mode.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know.
Speaker D: It's quite a sense.
Speaker D: What we didn't talk about is...
Speaker B: Yeah, but it doesn't have the digits.
Speaker B: I believe it's...
Speaker B: If you ask yourself, it offers enough features, I don't think it has all the features a normal remote has.
Speaker F: I think it has.
Speaker E: It depends on what you implement.
Speaker F: Plus we didn't talk about it, but you do have remote controls that are able to adapt another signal.
Speaker F: So you place a regular remote control in front of the other one, hit the one or the two or the three, whatever, and it records the series...
Speaker F: The signals.
Speaker F: The signals.
Speaker F: So you could enter any comment you like.
Speaker F: As long as our device is able to reproduce the infrared signal.
Speaker F: So I think this is remote control with very high level features.
Speaker F: Absolutely.
Speaker F: Although there are a few buttons, but the inside is quite...
Speaker D: That's it.
Speaker D: Power, I guess.
Speaker D: Because a regular programmable remote control contains, well, really a lot of buttons, at least 40 buttons.
Speaker D: So it's quite complicated to get used to.
Speaker D: And this is quite simple.
Speaker D: You can use your voice to program it.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Let's give it a number.
Speaker F: I'll give it a one.
Speaker F: For this type of market, I think it's a one.
Speaker B: I'll give it a two.
Speaker D: I'll give it a one.
Speaker E: I think a one, because with the voice recognition you could add anything you want.
Speaker E: That's like...
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: I think we've succeeded in developing a product that's actually quite good, but not for this kind of market and not for this kind of price.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: So high quality, low acceptance.
Speaker F: The product has high quality and is advanced, but whether or not our clients are willing to pay 25 euros for this kind of device is not sure.
Speaker F: Do you agree?
Speaker D: Yes, I agree.
Speaker E: I mean, even because it doesn't look advanced.
None: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Maybe we should have a radar function.
Speaker B: Couldn't...
Speaker B: What's the selling price?
Speaker B: 50?
Speaker B: 25 euros.
Speaker B: 25.
Speaker B: And costs were 12.50.
Speaker B: But even now, if only our production costs were exceeded, the double, I think, production costs were 22.
Speaker B: So selling price would be about 50 euros.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: That's quite expensive.
Speaker D: It's not very expensive for remote control that...
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: It has this functional remote control of any TV kind, a Philips remote control.
Speaker D: You pay more than 50 euros.
Speaker D: It's quite expensive.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And I know from a few years ago, it was a hundred kilos.
Speaker F: Well, yeah, I know.
Speaker F: But you're paying for the brand because there are remote controls which control your stereo, television, DVD, CD player.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: 25 euros.
Speaker D: Yes, but you can learn this thing, all these functions.
Speaker D: And it's easier to use because those remote consoles don't offer voice recognition.
Speaker D: This one does.
Speaker D: So I think it's worth its price.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: You had an overall rating.
Speaker E: Yeah, but...
Speaker E: That's counting.
Speaker E: These ratings.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, it's about...
Speaker D: It should be about 1.15.
Speaker D: So something like that.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: We'll go further on with the rest of the evaluation.
Speaker F: About the project itself, not about the product.
Speaker F: What did you think about the process, the project process?
Speaker C: Ruth.
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: Try to translate that.
Speaker A: Any other...
Speaker F: I think...
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: The process was good.
Speaker B: But we weren't aware of the prices of the cost.
Speaker B: And that was in the big deal.
Speaker B: If we knew that before, actually we could have made the choice between...
Speaker B: Better decisions.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We had too little information actually.
Speaker D: And while looking at room for creativity, the choice of components was way too narrow.
Speaker D: So that was not really a process of...
Speaker F: So we could have been creative, but it was tempered by the choice of components and...
Speaker F: Yes, the price.
Speaker D: The price.
Speaker D: Well, in the first meeting, we already were very creative.
Speaker D: We thought of possibilities who are not possible with the occurrence or of manufacturing components.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: We're tempered by that, yes.
Speaker F: Okay, rule.
Speaker F: Any other thoughts on that?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker F: Ruth.
Speaker F: I agree.
Speaker F: You agree.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: Leadership.
Speaker D: Fantastic.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: Rules on for his promotion.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker C: Is it okay?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I think we're a good team.
Speaker F: I think so too.
Speaker F: It's, of course, a laboratory environment.
Speaker F: I missed it to be able to contact you in between.
Speaker F: And say, I'll...
Speaker F: I tried once, but it was not allowed.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: So...
Speaker F: Yeah, but...
Speaker F: When taking in account the situation, I think we performed pretty well.
Speaker F: I think so too.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: The means.
Speaker F: The smart board, the digital pen, did you like them?
Speaker D: The digital pen was okay, but the smart board was really bad.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Because of the response or...
Speaker D: The response is very slow and the possibilities are very limited.
Speaker D: It's not accurate.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: It has... yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: It's not accurate.
Speaker B: The pointing of the pen is not the place where it writes...
Speaker B: Where it draws?
Speaker B: Yeah, where it draws.
Speaker D: It's the drawing on the board is right from the pen.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: So it had to be...
Speaker F: You have to take that line.
Speaker D: There are lines.
Speaker D: Or what's the word?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker F: Maybe it needs to be calibrated.
Speaker F: It was calibrated just before this means.
Speaker F: The one before the third meeting.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: So it's not the calibration.
Speaker F: It's the thing itself.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: I think.
Speaker F: Ruit, did you use the pen a lot?
Speaker F: Not at all.
Speaker F: Not at all.
Speaker F: Not really?
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker F: I thought it was quite a handy thing.
Speaker F: I think so too.
Speaker F: Although I would like to see OCR.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: If it has OCR, I think I would use...
Speaker B: I just took notes for myself and that's it.
Speaker B: It was necessary for me to...
Speaker F: To digitize them.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Because if I want something on the computer, I just typed it.
Speaker B: I typed faster than the other right.
Speaker D: But I think it's a great solution for a gnome problem.
Speaker D: Writing down some notes, some information.
Speaker D: And then forgetting your notebook somewhere.
Speaker D: And losing all that information.
Speaker D: Because you have everything in one place.
Speaker D: And it's quite easy, quite easy.
Speaker D: It's possible to make this information digital.
Speaker D: I share it with others.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Quite easy way.
Speaker D: I think it's a good product.
Speaker D: I only think the shape of the pen is too big.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's not quite an anomis.
Speaker D: Economic.
Speaker D: Er-genomis.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Erm...
None: What...
Speaker F: Ruit, what did you think about the smart boards?
Speaker E: Oh, I only use it to draw a rabbit.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: You can't really decide.
Speaker F: I missed a feature to easily select a slide and distribute it to the laptops.
Speaker F: I think that would be very easy if you could say, okay, I want to use this for my own work or my own presentation further on or...
Speaker E: Or the other way around.
Speaker F: Or the other way around that you could show.
Speaker F: But quite what PowerPoint does.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker B: If you save this image, you can open it in your shared work folder.
Speaker B: I know.
Speaker B: So it's almost...
Speaker F: I know.
Speaker F: But we couldn't use that feature.
Speaker F: So I missed it.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: We weren't able to do that.
Speaker F: At least I wasn't explained how to do such.
Speaker B: You know, and the function of filling an oval or an object.
Speaker D: The drawing...
Speaker C: It's not...
Speaker C: Capabilities are very limited.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And when you're using windows, you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons which you can use for drawing.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And a lot of these buttons don't appear here.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: That looks like a paint.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So it's not even as advanced as paint.
Speaker D: Not...
Speaker D: Not...
Speaker D: It's quite limited.
None: Okay.
None: No.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: The project is evaluated.
Speaker F: But, well, we need to redesign the product.
Speaker D: Oh, very good celebration.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: It's a...
Speaker B: It's a privilege for working with you.
Speaker F: You're dismissed.
Speaker F: No, I think we are ready.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Two private rooms?
Speaker D: I see some action over there.
Speaker F: Private room, at all.
Speaker F: That sounds quite scary.
None: Okay.
Speaker F: Now, let's find out the way to...
Speaker F: They don't want to do this.
None: There.
None: That was...
Speaker C: We're done.
Speaker D: We're finished.
Speaker D: I believe.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: Are there any more cycles in this process?
Speaker D: I think not.
Speaker D: I don't believe so.
Speaker F: Well, maybe we get an email.
Speaker F: Thank you for your...
Speaker D: But how much time did we get for this meeting?
Speaker D: Fourteen minutes.
Speaker D: And how much time is left?
Speaker F: A minute or ten, maybe?
Speaker F: Ten minutes.
Speaker F: Yeah, ten or five.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker F: So we can redesign our...
Speaker F: I would like to...
Speaker D: Well, I think we all know what the redesign should be.
Speaker D: A simple, built, one-colored box.
Speaker E: No added value.
Speaker D: No, it's just the same product that is already on the market.
Speaker B: You see the problem?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: You can continue your line.
Speaker B: Well, it's fluffy, all right?
Speaker B: Spongy.
Speaker D: What is that?
Speaker D: Giraffe.
Speaker D: Giraffe eating leaves from a tree.
Speaker F: It's blue tongue.
Speaker E: Interesting design.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: This is a new model.
Speaker D: So you're actually promoting Bluetooth or blue tongue?
Speaker F: Blue tongue.
Speaker E: But it does have a natural feeling.
Speaker E: So...
Speaker F: It's spongy.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker F: Opa.
Speaker F: That is...
Speaker F: It's a new feature next to Bluetooth to disable all Bluetooth devices.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker D: Let's wrap it up.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker F: We're done here.
Speaker F: Gentlemen, thank you for your cooperation.
Speaker D: Thank you, Mr. Manager.
Speaker D: Now, let's have a bottle of champagne.
Speaker B: All right. Let's give it here.
Speaker F: Yes.
Speaker B: That's it, mate.
Speaker D: No, it's not.
Speaker F: It's very good.
Speaker F: Mate, it's a microphone.
Speaker F: It's an all-tinger.
None: It's a nice one.
