Speaker D: Do you need to change anything on it?
Speaker D: Because otherwise I will already open it.
Speaker B: I don't think so.
Speaker B: Unless things have suddenly changed again.
Speaker B: Much changes?
Speaker B: I don't know. Maybe...
Speaker D: No, I don't like the last time.
Speaker D: I only need the same information.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Hello, Mr. Pian.
Speaker C: Hello, Mr. Pian.
Speaker D: I believe Ms. Dental is with us as well.
Speaker D: In the control room.
Speaker C: Well, that's where the thinking goes on.
Speaker D: It's the true again, always late.
Speaker D: Bonjour, no.
Speaker C: I think you should punish him.
Speaker C: I see some interesting...
Speaker C: You wish.
Speaker D: People, welcome back.
Speaker C: The third meeting.
Speaker D: I have some points.
Speaker D: I would like to point out.
Speaker D: First of all, if you make minutes yourself as well, like Sebastian does, could you put them on the shared folder?
Speaker D: If you do not make minutes, no problem.
Speaker D: But it's easy for me to see what you wrote down, so I can use that in the report.
Speaker D: The second thing...
Speaker D: I was thinking to myself, I have this little remote control, and I'm talking to it, but I still need to point to the television, because it works with infrared.
Speaker D: That's quite strange.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Okay. So, we'll come to that later, I think.
Speaker D: The agenda for now, are there any pre-discussion questions?
Speaker C: No, no.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: We will have your individual presentations than the decision on the remote control concept and the closing, 40 minutes in total for this.
Speaker D: So, I think we can immediately start with the individual presentations.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: The progress you made.
Speaker D: I think it might be smart to look at Root's information first, because I understood there are some significant changes in the market situation.
Speaker B: All right.
Speaker C: So, just pressed OK button.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: My method.
Speaker B: How surprising.
Speaker B: Oh, findings.
Speaker B: These views are important, but innovation is more important.
Speaker B: And the fancy look and feel is even more important.
Speaker B: And some fashion watchers found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their clothes shoes and furniture, and that they want spongy material.
Speaker B: Probably too much sponge ball.
Speaker B: The older group still prefers dark colors, simple shapes from material, but since we're concentrating on the younger group.
Speaker D: Why this?
Speaker D: Why this?
Speaker D: Could you go to the previous slide?
Speaker D: Because I'm taking minutes and...
Speaker D: will be important in themes and clothes.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: The field of measurement is expected to be spongy.
Speaker C: So, do you think when fruit and vegetables are important for clothing and shoes, that they are in remote controls also?
Speaker B: Well, one example given was this.
Speaker B: So, I assume they just want something colorful, not just an apple as a remote control.
Speaker B: But like dark colors, you said.
Speaker B: The younger group likes more colorful.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: But then I suggest the corporate colors are gray and yellow.
Speaker C: Can you go back to the slide?
Speaker C: Which one?
Speaker C: Just one slide back.
None: No, no, no.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And the field of the material has to be spongy.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Has it something to do with that natural feeling also, do you think?
Speaker B: Well, it might.
Speaker B: Personally, I would like a sponge as a remote control, but maybe some soft material or something.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: So, yeah, it might not be...
Speaker D: It shouldn't be too hard.
Speaker D: It may be rubber or...
Speaker D: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: And like...
Speaker B: Oh, wait, the old one.
Speaker B: The old one.
Speaker B: It likes familiar materials, but that doesn't mean we should use wood.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Oh, this is an example of what they would like.
Speaker B: But since we're concentrating on the younger group, I think we should use soft materials and make it colorful or like cell phones, exchangeable covers.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: So we could provide both for the young and the old, what they like.
Speaker D: Well, that's interesting.
Speaker C: It's quite interesting.
Speaker D: You could make a few very colorful ones.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And a very traditional...
Speaker C: I'm thinking about the banana ram, a telephone, a telephone from Siemens.
Speaker C: The yellow rubber...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The phone.
Speaker C: It's the rubber...
Speaker C: Yeah, it is.
Speaker C: It is.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And it's colorful.
Speaker C: It looks like some banana.
Speaker C: We have the fruit, we have the colors.
Speaker C: Do you know the phone?
Speaker C: I don't know the phone.
Speaker C: I don't know the phone.
Speaker C: It's the Siemens C25, I believe.
Speaker D: It's the one that Postbank gave away.
Speaker C: Oh, that one.
Speaker C: The very...
Speaker C: Oh, I know.
Speaker C: It's also a yellow.
Speaker C: Yes, I've seen it.
Speaker C: I've seen it.
Speaker D: You know, Root as well?
Speaker D: I've seen it.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Do you have...
Speaker D: That's about it.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So the important findings are innovation is more important than ease of use for our target group.
Speaker D: And coloring is important and...
Speaker D: And soft materials.
Speaker C: Soft materials.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So ease of use is important, but technology is twice as important.
Speaker C: And what was even more important?
Speaker B: The fancy looking fuel.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So that's the most important thing for our customers.
Speaker C: Yes.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: The rule.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Could you do your presentation?
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker C: Oh, I don't really have much to add because most of the things we already said in the previous discussion.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, it's good to sum up the things we already thought about.
Speaker C: The previous ideas were a voice recognition and the round button for the channel programming and volume.
Speaker C: Well, a few interfaces I found on the internet are these.
Speaker C: These are both with voice recognition, but they're very advanced and very high tech and just, well, a weird...
Speaker C: Shape.
Speaker C: Shape.
Speaker C: So I suggest I couldn't...
Speaker C: I had a small mock-up sign on the...
Speaker C:... but it didn't work.
Speaker C: But pen didn't load the information.
Speaker C: So I made a really simple shape in PowerPoint, but we could make around an oval...
Speaker C:... which is more control.
Speaker C: It's kind of organic, so that's very good.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: And what I'm thinking about, maybe we should make very light, but a grip.
Speaker D: I mean, this is how you hold a remote control.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: It shouldn't be too...
Speaker D:... a lot to...
Speaker D: Slippery.
Speaker D: Slippery.
Speaker D: Because...
Speaker C: We didn't have something like the Siemens phone.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker C: It's easier in your hand.
Speaker C: There are also remote controls who have a little shape underneath...
Speaker B:... where you can put your fingers.
Speaker C: So you can get a really good grip on it, so you don't have to attain much pressure to it.
Speaker C: It's a lot easier.
Speaker D: It grips automatically.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'll go into that deeper in my presentation.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: Oh, and to add on the route information.
Speaker C: In this interface, we can have a high tech with a force recognition and...
Speaker C:... well, the defensive colors and so on.
Speaker C: And still have the ease of use because we have an easy interface.
Speaker C: And all the other remote controls are high tech and buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Way too much, I think, for our goal.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: So if you have the force recognition, you can program like 30...
None: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I'll go into that because there are some possibilities and some impossibilities.
Speaker C: I had a talk with our manufacturing division.
Speaker C: And we had a talk about all the different components who are in this design.
Speaker C: These are the things we've looked at.
Speaker C: And of course, I use the web to find my information.
Speaker C: About casing, we have three different casing possibilities.
Speaker C: We have the uncurved or flat case.
Speaker C: That's the most common remote control form we're used to.
Speaker C: It's just a box.
Speaker C: I'm sorry, I don't have any pictures of this thing.
Speaker C: We have a curved one.
Speaker C: It's curved in two dimensions.
Speaker C: You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form.
Speaker C: So it's a little more advanced in its shape.
Speaker C: And we have an even more advanced shape which is curved in three dimensions.
Speaker C: I think you can compare it a little bit with the big gray image you had in your presentation.
Speaker C: You can compare the big remote control, something like that.
Speaker C: But it's quite advanced and it's quite daring to use, I think.
Speaker C: For these casings, we have different types of finishing.
Speaker C: We can use plastic, which is very slippery and maybe not so nice.
Speaker C: But you can give it any color, which is the same for rubber, but it's not slippery.
Speaker C: We can use wood and titanium.
Speaker C: We cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases.
Speaker C: These latex cases, just the plastic ones, won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source, which brings me to the different energy sources.
Speaker C: We even seem to have a head dynamos for powering our remote control.
Speaker C: You really have to imagine winding up the rate.
Speaker D: It would be very new to the market.
Speaker C: It would be very new, but it's kind of a retro style.
Speaker C: This is quite interesting. There's also a kinetic energy supply.
Speaker C: When you're watching TV, you have to make some kind of energy, kinetic energy, by shaking the remote or throwing it against the wall.
Speaker C: It has to move. That's the sense of it.
Speaker C: And you can store the energy in the thing.
Speaker D: I think if I can, who can come to that?
Speaker D: The kinetic thing is very funny.
Speaker D: It's very funny indeed.
Speaker D: I mean, solar is, of course, it's nice, but it's, well, your calculator has a solar panel.
Speaker C: But if you're watching a movie, how many times you take the remote control and...
Speaker C: Well, maybe if you have a watch, you have the kinetic idea in a watch also.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know.
Speaker C: You walk, but you sit on a couch.
Speaker C: You know from your own watch.
Speaker C: Your watch uses a minimum, it consumes a minimal amount of energy.
Speaker C: The shaking of your body, which is almost every activity, makes your body shake, charges it.
Speaker C: But the problem here is that it supplies a very little amount of kinetic energy.
Speaker C: So I think you have a problem when you're watching a movie and you haven't moved the remote control in an amount of time.
Speaker C: And you want to switch the channel or something.
Speaker C: Well, it might not work. So that's something you have to keep in mind.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: But maybe there's a possibility to combine it with traditional batteries so we can save on the batteries.
Speaker C: And when there's a near kinetic energy, used kinetic energy and otherwise use the batteries.
Speaker D: Okay, because I guess the voice recognition feature consumes quite a lot of power.
Speaker C: Yes, it does.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'll come to that later.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And we, of course, have the traditional solar power, which is just a piece of material on the...
Speaker C:...remode control, which transfers light energy into electricity.
Speaker C: The user interface controls.
Speaker C: Of course, we have the push buttons.
Speaker C: And we also have scroll wheels.
Speaker C: And the scroll wheels can also be integrated with buttons.
Speaker C: So it's just like a mouse.
Speaker C: You can scroll them. You can also push it.
Speaker C: In the indicators, we have the LCD displays, which means you can watch in a display which channel you have chosen or something like that of the amount of volume, which is currently.
Speaker C: And we also have double scroll buttons, which are just two of these things.
Speaker C: So we don't really have the kind of button we had in mind in our last meeting.
Speaker C: The thing with the round.
Speaker C: We can just make four push buttons in the form of a round.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: It's disposable too.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: But I don't think the scroll wheels, I had some information about it too.
Speaker C: I don't think there's any possibility for us to use scroll wheels.
Speaker C: I can't see any scenario where you would use a scroll wheel with a button on it.
Speaker C: Maybe, well, maybe the...
Speaker C: Maybe it's a bit of a remote.
Speaker D: With maybe the channel selector.
Speaker D: What about integrating a scroll bar on this side?
Speaker D: That's the possibility.
Speaker C: Because this is how you keep it.
Speaker C: The floor is quite good.
Speaker C: Think about a scenario where you would use the scroll button.
Speaker C: Volume.
Speaker C: Well, what he means is there's a button integrated in the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: There's no scenario where you use the button in the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: You just use the wheel.
Speaker C: Well, what about mute?
Speaker C: About mute.
Speaker D: I guess this is my volume button.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: And I can either on this side or this side.
Speaker C: That's one possibility.
Speaker D: And click it to mute the device.
Speaker D: And it makes it different from the traditional devices on this market.
Speaker D: So I'm looking for a way to make it a little different than the traditional ones.
Speaker D: So maybe I guess that's something you need to think about.
Speaker D: What do you think about a scroll bar?
Speaker D: A scroll wheel.
Speaker B: Well, it's obviously new.
Speaker B: So it might attract the young customers.
Speaker C: But it's done before.
Speaker C: There are many auto devices like telephones and our radio, pocket radios.
Speaker C: We use this.
Speaker C: And well, it's been done years ago and I don't see it anywhere now.
Speaker D: Well, all the Sony telephones use it, for example, for volume.
Speaker D: Nokia has it, well, okay, it's not really a scroll wheel.
Speaker D: But on their side, the volume button is on the side because you grab it like this.
Speaker C: Yes, but it uses two separate buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know.
Speaker C: It's not really a scroll wheel.
Speaker C: There's something for you too.
Speaker C: I believe if you have what we've already said, the grip places in the remote control, you have your hand on one place on the remote control.
Speaker C: So you have to place all the buttons in the range of your thumb.
Speaker C: Yes, you have to.
Speaker C: So in that case, the volume button on the side of the remote control would be perfect.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Sebastian, then.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: We have to know, if you want to use these rubber double curved case, you must use these push buttons.
Speaker C: There's no way you can integrate LCD displays.
Speaker C: There's no way you can integrate scroll wheels because it's all curved.
Speaker C: There are no flat areas where you can incorporate these things.
Speaker C: So that's a limitation about the components, just the hardware.
Speaker C: We basically have three types of chips we can use.
Speaker C: And these chips incorporate all the largeica and hardware that is needed to send signal.
Speaker C: We have a simple regular and advanced chip.
Speaker C: And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker, which is a little cryptic to me.
Speaker C: But I think that's the voice recognition thing that we are thinking about.
Speaker C: Yeah, you can have some information about it.
Speaker C: In the voice recognition, you say a word.
Speaker C: You can program a word like volume up.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: So mute.
Speaker C: Let's say mute.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: You program it, you mute, and you give an action to it.
Speaker C: Just really the mute function.
Speaker C: And when you speak in the remote control, it repeats your saying.
Speaker C: So that's the sample sensor.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So if you say mute, it says mute again.
Speaker C: And then it's, when I believe it.
Speaker C: It performs the action.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And then your piece is action which you believe it is.
Speaker C: You say mute, you repeat mute, and it makes the computer sound mute.
Speaker C: And then goes to the mute function.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So that's basically the voice recognition item we were searching for.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: This sample sensor requires regular chip, I thought.
Speaker C: No, well, I'm not sure.
Speaker C: No, it's not in here.
Speaker C: If we want to use the LCD display, we really need the advanced version, which is a little bit more costly.
Speaker C: If we want to use the screw wheels, we need the regular version.
Speaker C: And if we don't want to use any of these more advanced functions, we can keep with the simple chip, which is a bit cheaper.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Did we already decide on the display?
Speaker C: No, but I think that's something for the whole here.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Well, I don't have a look for information about it.
Speaker C: But I don't think information, I don't think you need it on the display.
Speaker C: Especially when we have to look at the cost, I don't think you need it.
Speaker C: Any TV can view it on screen.
Speaker C: On screen, yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, my conclusion, unfortunately, the market has decided a little other than I thought.
Speaker C: I thought the market would like a sort of titanium casing, but they seem to like natural stuff.
Speaker C: So maybe we should think about wood finish.
Speaker C: I've chosen the more battery with solar cell solution for the energy.
Speaker C: It's more reliable, it's cheaper.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So I don't think we should use the diagonal thing.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It's more advanced, but I think you should combine it with batteries.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It's maybe a bit too flashy too.
Speaker C: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: In some way, it can give us an offense because you will save on your batteries.
Speaker D: Yeah, but that's the same with the solar cell.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: I think it's more robust.
Speaker C: But what about the market, what colorful designs?
Speaker C: So if we use titanium.
Speaker D: No, no.
Speaker D: That's what Sebastian said.
Speaker D: He said this is my personal preference, but yet I understood that the market is different.
Speaker D: Oh, sorry.
Speaker C: I think we should skip the titanium stuff and we should use wood or something like that.
Speaker B: And I would think that the rubber with colors.
Speaker B: Yeah, the older people liked wood.
Speaker C: Oh, okay, sorry.
Speaker C: It needs to be rubber.
Speaker C: Call it the younger people like soft material.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Spongy materials.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, these scroll wheels, I think they can be handy.
Speaker C: And they can be implemented with a regular chip?
Speaker C: Yes, they can.
Speaker C: But they really need a regular chip.
Speaker C: You cannot use the same software.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: But also, we already need a regular chip for the sample.
Speaker C: Well, I'm not so sure.
Speaker C: Maybe that's a big thing.
Speaker D: No, but do you want the curved design or?
Speaker C: I think so.
Speaker C: If you stick with the simple, straightforward, not curved design.
Speaker C: It's too dull.
Speaker C: It's too dull.
Speaker C: I don't think our customers will like it.
Speaker C: And if you take the double curved, then you cannot only use the rubber buttons.
Speaker C: You cannot use the scroll wheels.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I think this is the best of two wheels.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: What about the issue I addressed at the beginning of the meeting?
Speaker D: The voice function with the infrared issue.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: Because it's, of course.
Speaker C: I can imagine.
Speaker C: It's very dull to talk to a device, if you have to point to another device.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: It's very logical.
Speaker C: But most infrared remote controls don't have to be pointed at all.
Speaker C: Well, there has to be some pointing.
Speaker C: It depends also on your hand before.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: It won't work.
Speaker C: But you can point it just.
Speaker C: Well, it depends on your walls, actually.
Speaker D: If you have smooth walls, you're probably right.
Speaker D: But if you have carpets on the wall, which are natural, loving friends, probably do have, then, yeah, it might be a bit more of an issue.
None: Yes.
Speaker C: Because the walls, they reflect the infrared light.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So, it's easier.
Speaker C: I suggest we use the sensor sample.
Speaker C: The sample sensor and sample speaker.
Speaker C: With a regular chip.
Speaker C: I think it gives us the advantage of the scroll wheel.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: I like the scroll wheels.
Speaker C: I skipped the LCD part.
Speaker C: I don't think it's any value added.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Thanks.
Speaker D: Well, it looks, yeah.
Speaker D: Well, according to the market likes new flashy technology.
Speaker D: And I mean, else today is...
Speaker C: It's not very flashy.
Speaker D: Well, I know.
Speaker D: It's less...
Speaker D: Standard?
Speaker D: Standard than...
Speaker D: Well, we are not very...
Speaker D: We do not know much about the financial part.
Speaker D: That's the problem.
Speaker D: Because if we do have enough space in our finance, I would say do integrate it because it adds a little extra high-tech feeling to it.
Speaker C: But we all have the scroll wheels, the speaker recognition, the rubber, I think our customer is so good.
Speaker C: The fancy color.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: It's too much.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I agree.
Speaker D: I think...
Speaker D: Do you have anything you would like to add or maybe thought or...
Speaker B: No, I don't think so.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: No, no.
Speaker C: Nothing more.
Speaker D: Nothing more.
Speaker C: The next phase will be...
Speaker C: What's the next phase to the floors?
Speaker D: Well, we need to describe decisions now.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So, on energy, well, we decided...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: The case, rubber with one curve.
Speaker D: Use the interface.
Speaker C: But it can't go with...
Speaker C: With one curved case?
Speaker C: Yes, they can work.
Speaker C: Sorry.
Speaker C: They cannot work with double curved.
Speaker C: Oh, sorry.
Speaker C: Just a problem.
Speaker C: I'll check it for you.
Speaker D: Then the corporate identity should be in the product.
Speaker D: I guess that is something for Ruhl and Sebastian.
Speaker D: You talked about it before the colors.
Speaker D: Gray and yellow.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Keep it in mind.
Speaker D: And the buttons, well, we talked about it now.
Speaker D: The next phase, Sebastian, is the design of the look and feel.
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker D: The user interface design.
Speaker D: And for you, the product evaluation, I'm sure your personal coach will give you.
Speaker D: More information on that.
Speaker D: And the ID and the UID need to work together on the prototype drawing on the smartboard.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: And I'm going to plan my holidays.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: So, you will build the house for the next...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's...
Speaker D: When we come back in 30 minutes, you will have a prototype ready.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So, can you give us a summary of all decisions we've made?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I can.
Speaker D: Maybe one of you could write it down.
Speaker D: I'll do.
Speaker D: Great.
Speaker D: You need to help me.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Start with the casing.
Speaker D: The casing is curved.
Speaker C: Single curved.
Speaker C: Single curved.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: What about the energy source?
Speaker D: Traditional batteries and solar.
Speaker C: But can I be...
Speaker C: Can I work together?
Speaker C: When you have to choose between them.
Speaker C: No, they can be complementary.
Speaker C: I think they can.
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Well, what...
Speaker C: Every device.
Speaker C: It should be.
Speaker C: There should be a real problem.
Speaker C: There can be a supplementary.
Speaker C: There's no problem.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So, okay.
Speaker C: So, just...
Speaker C: The energy source is...
Speaker C: The battery.
Speaker C: And the solar.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: What about the finishing of the case?
Speaker C: We have decided we wanted to use the rubber.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Colorful rubber.
Speaker D: If it's possible with different covers.
Speaker D: But I'm not sure if our suppliers can help us with such a wish.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And I think we should use the company color.
Speaker C: Something like black and red.
Speaker C: Or black and yellow.
Speaker D: Gray and yellow.
Speaker D: Gray and yellow.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yellow case and gray buttons.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Although, I don't think that's very colorful.
Speaker D: Except for the yellow, of course.
Speaker D: But I could think of a more attractive set of colors.
Speaker C: I think it's...
Speaker C: It's not very dull.
Speaker C: It's quite modern, actually.
Speaker C: Don't you think?
Speaker D: Well, I was more thinking about the fruit colors that the root show just before.
Speaker C: But you have already...
Speaker C: You must have a red on and off button.
Speaker C: And...
Speaker D: Well, it doesn't have to be red.
Speaker D: Well...
Speaker D: I mean, I think these colors are really what our young people are looking for.
Speaker D: So maybe it shouldn't even be two colors.
Speaker D: It should be a full color cover with such an image.
Speaker D: Or...
Speaker D: I mean...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Thinking in two colors is too black and white for our market group, I guess.
Speaker B: Oh, black and yellow.
Speaker B: Black and yellow.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: But I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on the device.
Speaker C: Because I agree it would be nice to have something like that on the device itself.
Speaker C: Well, there is.
Speaker C: Just a week ago.
Speaker C: Keyboard manufacturer.
Speaker C: Oh, I've read.
Speaker C: With print.
Speaker C: Yes, fine art and...
Speaker C: Yes, but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its techniques.
Speaker C: They're actually very slow-heads techniques.
Speaker D: Okay, so we have to deal with what's possible here.
Speaker C: So, I'm afraid it's not possible.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: More decisions we made.
Speaker B: Um...
Speaker C: The scroll wheel?
Speaker D: The scroll wheel, yes.
Speaker D: The voice recognition.
Speaker D: We already decided.
Speaker C: Of course.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So scroll wheel, but there will be some additional buttons, I guess.
Speaker C: And they should be spongy also.
Speaker C: Because they're rubber too.
Speaker D: I'm going to leave that up to you too.
Speaker C: What did you say?
Speaker C: Well, you can use, well, when you use the buttons, they'll be made of rubber too.
Speaker C: So it has the spongy, fuel also.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: So I think that's okay.
Speaker C: Or you could use plastic buttons in the rubber.
Speaker D: I think rubber is nice.
Speaker D: Because I mean, what do you touch the button and what do they want, spongy devices?
Speaker C: But then you just have the fact that the trunks on the buttons will disappear eventually.
Speaker D: It's really?
Speaker C: What I said in the first discussion, the digit 6 on the button, it will disappear when it's from rubber.
Speaker D: Is that...
Speaker D: Does our virus say something?
Speaker C: It's not something that no information I read about it or so.
Speaker B: But did we include the digits?
Speaker B: No, but...
Speaker B: Because things like volume could be placed next to the button.
Speaker D: You could place a...
Speaker D: This would be the button.
Speaker D: The scroll wheel, I mean.
Speaker D: And you could place the signals.
Speaker D: So you don't touch it?
Speaker C: That's possible.
Speaker C: But then you have still the images on the rubber of the case.
Speaker C: Still then, if you feel your remote control, you just rub on the cover.
Speaker C: So you rub on the painting.
Speaker D: No, no, there's no painting.
Speaker D: Only yellow or the digits into the rubber.
Speaker C: But the plus or the minus?
Speaker C: Yes, the sign.
Speaker C: If this is on the cover.
Speaker C: It's on the cover.
Speaker D: I think... I know what you understand.
Speaker D: I know what you mean.
Speaker D: Just move the problem.
Speaker D: What about making this rubber and making this plastic?
Speaker C: I see what you mean.
Speaker C: Well, maybe that's possible because our manufacturing division also offers plastic finishing.
Speaker C: So maybe they can combine these two.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Well, actually we should have it the other way around, I guess.
Speaker D: A plastic cover with rubber finishing.
Speaker D: I mean, this is the finishing.
Speaker D: This is what's on the edge, what you feel.
Speaker D: The front on which the buttons are doesn't have to be rubber.
Speaker C: I'm not so sure.
Speaker C: Can you separate these?
Speaker C: Well, I'm not sure.
Speaker C: I have to ask with manufacturing.
Speaker C: I'm not sure that's what you want because our customers specifically ask for the spongy feel.
Speaker C: And that's what you get with rubber.
Speaker C: So if you want a spongy feel, you need to make these buttons all of rubber.
Speaker D: I know, but do you touch this or do you touch this?
Speaker D: I mean, I never touch between the buttons.
Speaker C: I do.
Speaker C: I do.
Speaker C: The sideways or?
Speaker C: Yeah, the sideways.
Speaker D: Exactly.
Speaker D: The sideways.
Speaker D: The side.
Speaker D: But do you touch between these buttons?
Speaker C: Yes, especially when there are a few buttons on it.
Speaker C: You have a lot of space to touch.
Speaker C: So you just have it in your hand completely or...
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, we do not have very much time left.
Speaker D: I guess you two have to figure that out.
Speaker D: I'm going to leave the decision to you because you have to make its prototype.
Speaker D: And yeah, you have the most knowledge about the suppliers, the possibilities.
Speaker D: So I'm going to leave the decision with you.
Speaker D: So, whilst, did you write enough decisions down?
Speaker C: Not quite.
Speaker C: What about the chips?
Speaker C: We use the regular chip.
Speaker C: Regular line.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: Yeah.
None: And...
Speaker C: Well, I think that's about it.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: With those regular chips, we can still control advanced functions.
Speaker D: The chip is not really...
Speaker C: The only difference between the advanced and the regular version is that the advanced version of the chip supports LCD.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well...
Speaker C: And we've decided not to use LCD so...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And I think we are quite finished.
Speaker D: I'll see you guys in 30 minutes.
Speaker C: The finishing touch.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: If you wrote anything down, could you put it on the shared folder?
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But Sebastian has everything.
Speaker D: I know, but...
Speaker D: Well...
Speaker C: I'll put it online.
Speaker D: Great.
Speaker D: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: I'm going to demonstrate.
None: I'm like...
None: Oh.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Yeah.
None: I can put it on a floor.
None: Okay.
None: Yeah.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Hi.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Vima.
None: I cut it away from online, and I'm doing it, and I'm going to add to it.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
