None: or I
None: Okay. You questioner.
None: Oh, you questioner.
None: I mean, you questioner.
None: I mean, you know.
None: No.
None: Power by that.
None: They will know it.
None: It's a little sign on it.
Speaker D: Little round with a line.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Is it nice?
None: Okay.
Speaker A: Welcome to the details design meeting.
Speaker A: Again, I'm going to take minutes.
Speaker A: Oh, we're going to have a prototype presentation first.
Speaker A: Who's going to give the prototype presentation?
Speaker A: You two guys?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Go ahead.
Speaker B: I'm going to help you.
None: You have a common family.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: We've made a prototype.
Speaker D: We've got our aspects from the last meeting, especially we looked at the form material and the color.
Speaker D: We've drawn here the prototype.
Speaker D: The logo is pretty obvious to see on the remote control, but it is necessary.
Speaker D: When you want to build your company to a level higher.
Speaker D: Our interface elements are shown in the drawing.
Speaker D: Maybe you can point them.
Speaker B: Well, all functions are discussed.
Speaker B: I think the most of the functions are obvious.
Speaker B: It's a little bit power button.
Speaker B: Then the nine channels.
Speaker B: The volume at the side and the other side is the programs.
Speaker B: Then we have just two buttons.
Speaker B: We place them in the middle, the menu, and for the teletext.
Speaker A: No, the mute button.
Speaker D: The mute button is here.
Speaker C: You've got to point the out which is the volume button.
Speaker B: Most of them are right handed.
Speaker C: You've got to make it clear on that.
Speaker C: I don't have time at any point.
Speaker C: Next to that, I kind of miss the zero.
Speaker C: This was one thing I wanted to ask.
Speaker A: There are different ways for remote controls to do like, I call it teens and twenties.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Two numbers.
Speaker C: It's a television.
Speaker A: It's a television.
Speaker A: Do we need extra buttons?
Speaker D: Yes, you have a lot of standard buttons.
Speaker D: With the one and the double cross.
Speaker A: You don't need them.
Speaker A: A lot of remote controls work when you push the one first.
Speaker A: I don't think so.
Speaker A: Yes, you have televisions.
Speaker A: I don't think so, really.
Speaker A: You have to have remote controls that don't have these buttons, but you still can select the number in the twenties.
Speaker C: Remote control nowadays, they come with the television or the other way around.
Speaker A: No, I really think it's because when you put a button on it with one and then a dash, it's the same thing as when you just push the one.
Speaker A: Because it gives you the functionality of that separate button.
Speaker A: You also have to apply.
Speaker D: Some televisions don't accept that.
Speaker A: Yes, because it's for television, it's exactly the same thing.
Speaker C: No, no, no.
Speaker C: Some television respond differently.
Speaker C: No, listen, listen.
Speaker A: When you push the button, the remote control gives a signal.
Speaker A: In the first place, it gives a signal which it would also send when you put the separate button on it.
Speaker A: That the one with dash, that signal gives, and when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds, then the remote control gives the signal for channel one.
Speaker A: No, I think it works that way.
Speaker C: No, it works.
Speaker C: If you haven't got a special button for it, if you push the one, then on your television, there will appear one and a line.
Speaker A: Yeah, but it's exactly the same name that would appear when you put the separate button.
Speaker D: When you put all the televisions, you have to click on a special button, then you go to a next level.
Speaker D: You can push two buttons.
Speaker A: Yeah, but you don't understand my point.
Speaker A: I think it's exactly the same thing.
Speaker D: Yes, but some televisions don't support it.
Speaker A: No, but then they will also support that button because it's the same thing.
Speaker A: Listen, that special button, the way you're talking about that, it's just a signal to the TV that they have to put a one on your screen.
Speaker A: And a dash, so you can still put another number on it.
Speaker A: When you don't have the separate button and you push the one, it's exactly the same thing.
Speaker A: The remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only have to...
Speaker C: So, how can some televisions need the input first?
Speaker C: Yeah, but do you give the input?
Speaker A: No, they need the one.
Speaker A: That's the same thing as the button.
Speaker A: No, that's not true.
Speaker A: Yes, it is.
Speaker A: Think about it.
Speaker B: It's simply not true.
Speaker B: No, but when you push the one, you can show on the telly one and just...
Speaker B: And it's the same thing where it happens.
Speaker A: And the remote control gives another signal after five seconds, that is just one.
Speaker C: Now, the remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds.
Speaker C: The remote control is a stupid thing.
Speaker C: If you push a button, it sends it immediately to the telly one.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I know for sure that some televisions that the remote control supplies only as the buttons with the one and the dash and the two and the dash.
Speaker A: But when you use a remote control that doesn't support these buttons, it still works.
Speaker A: But okay, we'll...
Speaker A: Definitely not.
Speaker B: Definitely not.
Speaker B: And usability lab.
Speaker B: No, we'll apply them then for now.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's necessary.
Speaker A: Yeah, up next to the zero, the one and the two.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker A: Yeah, for now, if we don't know for sure whether...
Speaker B: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: And the button for the SCART audio video external input.
Speaker C: You can access that file server on the right side.
Speaker A: When I said about it, the remote control sending another signal, that might not be true.
Speaker A: But I still think the old TVs in some way support it.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: No, no.
Speaker A: I think it's more...
Speaker A: Maybe we both don't really understand how it is.
Speaker A: I would really work.
Speaker A: But I think there's more to it than remote control sends one signal at one button.
Speaker D: I do think that...
Speaker A: Some...
None:...
None:...
Speaker A:...
Speaker A:...
Speaker D:...
Speaker D:...
Speaker D:...
Speaker A:...
Speaker A:...
Speaker D:...
Speaker D: Okay, I'll always see.
Speaker D: When you make the technology that it will give more signals, it could work.
Speaker D: It's just the basic idea of the most common and simple operations on the remote.
Speaker C: I kind of missed the docking station.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: It's here.
Speaker B: And there's nothing.
Speaker B: I think it's pretty basic.
Speaker B: There's nothing really funny about it.
Speaker B: There's one function and that's the one function.
Speaker D: But maybe we can make the docking station a bit standard for the other products we sell.
Speaker D: Because real reaction sells more products than only remote controls.
Speaker D: So maybe we can use the docking station for example, MPD players or hearing devices.
Speaker C: I think that's very difficult because of different shapes of devices.
Speaker D: Yes, but when you put the same photoises on it, you can put the lowest part of it.
Speaker D: When it's the same as the other products, you can put it all on the same...
Speaker C: Well, it has got to fit into the shape of course.
Speaker C: Yes, but we can make...
Speaker C: The technology and the voltage can be the same.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker C: But if you all make them having a bottom like this...
Speaker D: No, we can make the most lowest part all the same.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's true.
Speaker D: When the recharger has a bit that points out, we can place all on top of it.
Speaker D: Yes, but...
Speaker C: Which has to be big enough for the big...
Speaker C: If it's full then, it isn't going to fall down.
Speaker C: That's a bit...
Speaker D: No, when you make it large enough, it will not.
Speaker D: But then it's a little bit...
Speaker C: If, like this, I'll point it out.
Speaker C: If you've got...
Speaker C: But it's just an idea.
Speaker C: If it's like this, I won't draw it.
Speaker C: If you've got a base, which is...
Speaker C: It's as big as this.
Speaker D: It's as big as this.
Speaker D: So we can make all the products and flattens this.
Speaker C: But if you've got a tiny player, it can...
Speaker D: Yes, but when you make a bit of a big, low leaning...
Speaker B: It's leaning backwards, I think.
Speaker C: What you could do if you're from the bottom...
Speaker C: Oh, right.
Speaker C: But you could make it like a hole in it.
Speaker D: A little hole or...
Speaker D: A little project, go deeper in it.
Speaker A: Let's talk about the docking station later.
Speaker A: Maybe we have to consider the docking station anyway.
Speaker A: Because we have some...
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Cost issues.
Speaker A: It's still to come.
Speaker A: We have to look at that.
Speaker D: The look and feel would be great on this remote control.
Speaker D: I'm glad to call this.
Speaker D: You always will pick up the remote control in the smallest area.
Speaker D: Then your left thumb, your right thumb, is near the program button, which is the most common used function.
Speaker D: And all the other buttons are available for your thumb.
Speaker D: So it's a really good design.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But that's it?
Speaker D: Yes, on the side, there will be a strip of rubber.
Speaker D: And in the middle, there's a hard material, a hard plastic, with light behind it.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: And other lights.
Speaker C: I think you have the lights.
Speaker D: Yes, you can make also neon lights on it.
Speaker C: Or the buttons that can make lights on it.
Speaker C: Maybe the logo.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: But it will also use batteries.
Speaker A: And we want to.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: For now, this is good enough.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: What was on the...
Speaker D: Did all the aspects of the interface buttons were...
None: Okay.
Speaker A: But the color, because we're going to use one color for the plastic, and closer one color for the rubber.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: And we're going to do the buttons in the...
Speaker A: Or we're going to have rubber buttons.
Speaker A: And there will be the same color as the rubber on the side.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think that'll be good enough.
Speaker A: I think we should use a darker color for the plastic, and maybe some more brighter and flashier.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker D: Maybe we can use on the lights on the side, we can use multiple lights.
Speaker D: So...
Speaker D: It will...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: We'll talk about the lights later.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Because also, yeah, it depends on the costs and such.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: But...
Speaker A: And we have to agree upon the exact colors, but maybe I don't know if that's important, but we'll talk about it later.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: For now, this is okay.
Speaker A: The next...
Speaker A: You're going to give a presentation too?
Speaker A: I have to see the...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I'm going to do something right there.
Speaker A: Detail design.
Speaker C: We've got to do that on the right.
Speaker C: On the right-most screen, because...
Speaker C: Evaluation criteria.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's me.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: I will be needing that image, so leave it, please.
Speaker C: Go away.
Speaker C: Right, we're going to evaluate that design.
Speaker C: According to a few points.
Speaker C: The four of us are going to do that together.
Speaker C: I want to have a color over here.
Speaker C: Come on.
Speaker C: Right.
Speaker C: The remote is not ugly, a bit weird sentence, but the positive thing has to be on the left, so I said not ugly instead of ugly.
Speaker C: What would you say?
Speaker C: We've got to give points to all of these to evaluate that design, and please forget the drawing skills of these guys.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: The remote controls are not ugly.
Speaker C: How do you feel?
Speaker A: I think four maybe would be appropriate because it really depends on taste.
Speaker A: I mean, it's kind of dairy art design.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: So maybe a lot of people find it really ugly, and other people find it really cool.
Speaker A: I don't know how you think.
Speaker A: How do you guys feel?
Speaker D: I think the front will give it a more less earlier side, because you can make it in your own...
Speaker D: Yes, you can make it in your own...
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: More to your own personality or house style.
Speaker A: We didn't...
Speaker A: We're not planning to use fronts, I believe.
Speaker A: Not fronts, but they're not designed to fit their thing.
Speaker C: And that's still...
Speaker C: Yeah, it's a little personal touch, I guess.
Speaker A: Maybe we should do three or something in our...
Speaker C: What would you guys think?
Speaker C: Personally.
Speaker B: Personally.
Speaker B: We can make it a one.
Speaker C: Yes, but what is it?
Speaker D: I think two or three...
Speaker D: No.
Speaker B: I agree.
Speaker B: Two or three?
Speaker B: I go for the politics, so I go for two.
Speaker C: I was thinking about three, so I...
Speaker A: I was thinking about four, so I think three is...
Speaker C: Three is a bit...
Speaker C: What am I doing?
Speaker C: I'll mark it.
Speaker C: Remote controls and then makes stepping easy.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Let's make it a one.
Speaker A: One.
Speaker B: One, you agree?
Speaker B: Okay, I agree.
Speaker B: That's one thing for sure.
Speaker B: I'm not having usability, so...
Speaker C: I totally agree.
Speaker C: Remote controls, the remote controls, relevant buttons, are prominently visible.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Two are aware, I guess.
Speaker A: It's something we really work into.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: It's all about buttons.
Speaker C: Every button is relevant.
Speaker C: And they're all...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: That's one.
Speaker E: You agree?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons, I think.
Speaker C: We totally succeeded there.
Speaker A: Well, maybe two because of the menu part or something.
Speaker D: Yeah, the buttons of the one, the two, the digits.
Speaker D: Yeah, we don't know if the data...
Speaker C: That's true, that's true.
Speaker C: They're definitely needed.
Speaker A: It can also always be more simplistic.
Speaker C: You put it on a tool?
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: The remote control has got a really trendy look.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: One.
None: Martin.
Speaker A: Well...
Speaker A: I think two.
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker A: It's hard to say from a speech.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We've tried to make it the best training look ever.
Speaker D: Ever.
Speaker C: Yeah.
None: You know.
Speaker A: But I do think it's more...
Speaker B: I don't make it a tree because...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think that it's more trendy than beautiful.
Speaker C: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: So I think maybe it has to score higher on this than on the...
Speaker C: I was planning to give it a two where I give the not ugly...
Speaker C: The three.
Speaker C: Oh, yeah.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker C: You agree or not too?
Speaker A: Yeah, when you compare it to the...
Speaker C: Great.
Speaker C: Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons.
Speaker A: What's the difference with...
Speaker A: I copied that one.
Speaker C: Well, forget that.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Um...
Speaker C: No way.
Speaker C: Remote control has got innovative technology implanted.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: We're not.
Speaker B: Well, maybe the LCD.
Speaker B: LCD.
Speaker A: Yeah, but we...
Speaker A: You mean the rubber stuff?
Speaker C: Yeah, and the lights.
Speaker C: Yeah, but you have to...
Speaker A: That's not innovative.
Speaker A: That's not innovative.
Speaker A: And I don't know if it's also really not innovative.
Speaker A: Light's up.
Speaker C: It's not...
Speaker A: Seven?
Speaker A: No, six.
Speaker A: Oh, seven maybe.
Speaker A: No, six.
Speaker C: Why not seven?
Speaker A: Yeah, why not seven?
Speaker D: Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker A: But how?
Speaker A: It depends on the...
Speaker D: With the lights, it's kind of future.
Speaker A: No, I think...
Speaker A: I think actually it's seven maybe, but there's nothing innovative about it.
Speaker C: It's true.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker D: But still, you can retrieve it when it's gone.
Speaker D: Innovate it in general.
None: Yeah, you didn't draw a But you said...
Speaker C: No, no.
Speaker C: The docking station is...
Speaker A: I mean, the docking station, but I think...
Speaker A: It's a part of the remote docking station.
Speaker A: It's going to be a kind of a problem.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: And when the speaker...
Speaker A: Well, let's leave it open for us later to see.
Speaker A: But because we have to reevaluate anyway.
Speaker A: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: Well, the agenda says evaluate now, so I think...
Speaker A: Okay, for now it's a six or a seven, maybe...
Speaker A: But retrieval or...
Speaker A: Yeah, but I don't know if it's very...
Speaker C: I think that's very innovative for our control.
Speaker D: How would you innovate a remote control more?
Speaker A: Yeah, more through like TV functionality.
Speaker A: To put it on your head.
Speaker A: No, no, no, no.
Speaker A: You know it when I...
Speaker A: You must be innovative technology for remote controls, but more...
Speaker A: Yes, sir.
Speaker A: In how you control stuff, not in how you find your...
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I definitely don't think it's a five.
Speaker A: Let's think about it later.
Speaker C: The remote control is easy to use.
Speaker A: Yeah, as a one or two, at least.
Speaker C: I think a two.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: I think a two.
Speaker C: More on.
Speaker C: The remote control hasn't got...
Speaker A: No, I want to see that one before.
Speaker A: I just get one...
Speaker C: I've just filled...
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That way.
Speaker D: You like the buttons?
Speaker C: I found 12 questions so much, but it's still a stop.
Speaker A: No control will be bought by...
Speaker C: It will be bought by people under the age of 14.
Speaker A: Yeah, definitely.
Speaker D: In comparing with people of...
Speaker D: No, no, no, no.
Speaker C: Just in general.
Speaker C: If they buy it.
Speaker A: Yeah, two.
Speaker D: We don't know.
Speaker B: Yeah, what do you think?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think two.
Speaker D: I agree.
Speaker D: Contact two.
Speaker D: Yes, two, but only when you compare it with elderly.
Speaker A: There's no question.
Speaker A: It's just...
Speaker A: It will be bought by people under 40.
Speaker A: Yeah, it can be very...
Speaker A: And I don't mean to be...
Speaker A: Just guessing.
Speaker A: I'll just make it a two.
Speaker D: Make it a two.
Speaker D: When it succeeds, it can get a two...
Speaker D: Right.
Speaker C: The remote control has recognizable corporate image color, logo or slogan.
Speaker C: Yeah, thank you.
Speaker A: Slogan is quite obvious.
Speaker A: No, the slogan.
Speaker C: Oh, sorry.
Speaker A: No, no, the slogan.
Speaker A: You can put that on the side if we would like to.
Speaker D: I'm a mess.
Speaker D: Encrypt it with...
Speaker D: Yeah, and I will...
Speaker A: I'm gonna do that.
Speaker A: I still think it's gonna be a two or three, maybe three this time.
Speaker C: Yes, three.
Speaker C: I agree.
Speaker C: Because of the slogan in the...
Speaker C: Remote control has got a basic design intended for no...
Speaker C: So one or two?
Speaker C: Yeah, two.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker C: Two?
Speaker A: Yeah, make it a two.
Speaker C: Two.
None: All right.
Speaker C: We've got to add up the scores now to see our total average four, five, seven, nine.
Speaker C: Look at that.
Speaker C: Fifteen, seventeen, twenty-one, twenty-four, twenty-six.
Speaker C: Twenty-six.
Speaker C: It's a two point six.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's mostly the...
Speaker A: When we score higher on innovative technology, we would score it too.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Which is quite a great score.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: This was the evaluation.
Speaker C: This was my evaluation.
Speaker A: Because I still think that the most important part of this meeting is...
Speaker C: The pretty nice job until now.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Is this your...
Speaker C: Is there something after this meeting?
Speaker C: Well, I think we've got to fill out another question now.
Speaker B: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: So open door.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay. Finance.
Speaker A: Because I received a spreadsheet.
Speaker A: Yeah, but I actually don't need this presentation, I guess.
Speaker C: That's not a matter.
Speaker A: I'm going to open the spreadsheet and we're going to work this out together because I didn't really finish it.
Speaker A: I...
Speaker A: Didn't really finish it.
Speaker A: But we will see we'll stumble upon some problems.
Speaker A: Probably won't look for any...
Speaker A: Probably have already opened it here.
Speaker A: I'll try it again.
Speaker A: First of all, the...
Speaker A: All the docking station and...
Speaker A: Costs and such are not included in this list.
Speaker A: But let's start with the meeting.
Speaker A: Let's conclude one battery.
Speaker A: I'll explain it.
Speaker A: The components are listed over here.
Speaker A: Price is given.
Speaker A: We indicate the amount of components, specific component, how much we need over them.
Speaker A: And then...
Speaker A: Don't watch the number yet.
Speaker A: I don't know if it's filled in properly.
Speaker A: Okay. We need one battery and one battery.
Speaker A: I think we're going to use enough.
Speaker A: We don't need kinetic, solar, solar, hand-dun, ammo.
Speaker A: Okay. This is the first problem.
Speaker A: I think we should know how many simple chips, regular chips.
Speaker D: It's one chip, but you have to choose one format.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: But simple chip is enough, I think.
Speaker D: With the lights and the retrieval, can we find this information?
Speaker C: I haven't got an idea in which we need to use.
Speaker A: I think it was your job in the first meeting, for your first presentation to make this clear.
Speaker A: But then you had some time problems.
Speaker A: Do you know what chip we need?
Speaker D: The email I got said, simple chip.
Speaker D: But when we put in the speaker and the retrieval device, it will cost a bit more like, I think, the advanced chip.
Speaker D: Maybe.
Speaker C: And how do you know?
Speaker C: I mean, you got that email.
Speaker A: Maybe you can look it up right now.
Speaker D: They didn't know about a retriever or a speaker.
Speaker A: Okay. When we leave the retriever in such a site, then it's a simple chip.
Speaker A: Then it would be a simple chip.
Speaker A: And with the retriever, it would be an advanced chip.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker C: I point out the advanced chip for now, I guess.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: That would be enough for future recommendations.
Speaker A: It would be because of a lot of problems.
Speaker A: The sample sensor, sample speaker.
Speaker A: Is that the speaker we were to?
Speaker A: I don't know what it is.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: Okay. We went for the double-curved case.
Speaker A: Made out of plastic and rubber.
Speaker A: And with a special collar.
Speaker A: I guess that's what we were.
Speaker B: Well, special collar.
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know about the special collar.
Speaker D: Otherwise you can't think of standard plastic collar.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think we have a special collar.
Speaker C: We have a standard rubber.
Speaker C: All right.
Speaker A: Okay. Then the push button.
Speaker A: I was just counting them.
Speaker A: I think you have to indicate the amount of push buttons we want to use, isn't it?
Speaker A: Oh.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Well, that's a bit of a problem because...
Speaker A: But I really don't understand that because I can imagine a remote control with far more push buttons, and it wouldn't be possible according to this sheet.
Speaker B: The same post buttons.
Speaker D: No, it's only when you use push buttons, it will cost that much.
Speaker D: I don't think so because it's a scroll wheel.
Speaker C: If you use a scroll wheel, the yellow row is the amount of...
Speaker A: So in the number of components you plan to use in the files and it tells the cost, I don't know.
Speaker D: Maybe it's the kind of push buttons.
Speaker D: You can have four kind of push buttons.
Speaker B: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, and thirteen.
Speaker A: This is one.
Speaker A: Okay. 12. Okay. Then it will be 18.
Speaker A: Because I rated them as...
Speaker A: Oh, for four months.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I think that... Plus the mute button, and it will be 18.
Speaker A: 18.
Speaker C: One, two, three, four, five.
Speaker D: Why is that so expensive?
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't understand.
Speaker A: I don't get the point because it would be relatively so expensive, just small buttons.
Speaker B: Is it sense? The 50 cents? 50 cents for one single stupid button.
Speaker C: So where are you...
Speaker D: Okay, let's make it just one.
Speaker D: It's 80% of the price of the...
Speaker A: Yeah, now it's already...
Speaker A: Yeah, exactly.
Speaker A: Shall we just give our own interpretation to it?
Speaker A: Because else we would really have a problem.
Speaker A: It would be impossible to make it...
Speaker C: I couldn't understand it if it was 50 cents per button.
Speaker D: When you have the same amount of button, you have to put it in a carton.
Speaker D: And less buttons than this.
Speaker A: Isn't possible.
Speaker A: This is the most simple... Yeah, it is possible, but I've never seen one before.
Speaker D: I've seen one remote control.
Speaker D: Yeah, without the numbers.
Speaker D: Yeah, only with the page up, page down.
Speaker D: And all of you...
Speaker A: Keep the numbers.
Speaker C: But I wouldn't want to own that.
Speaker C: That's still four.
Speaker C: It's still for little children.
Speaker D: They can handle that remote control.
Speaker A: Yeah, then the text would also be impossible.
Speaker D: Yes, it's just for a little option.
Speaker A: Okay, well, just...
Speaker A: Okay, but then still, when we...
Speaker A: There is no room for a docking station or something.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: We have a button supplement.
Speaker A: We'll give the buttons a special color.
Speaker A: We'll give them a special form.
Speaker A: I think we should mark the special form thing because this will be some special form.
Speaker A: So, incorporated in these big buttons, I guess.
Speaker B: Special color, why is special color?
Speaker A: Because the buttons will be matching color between the buttons and the rubber surroundings.
Speaker A: I think that's what they mean by a special color.
Speaker A: I think all the special color things have to be marked over here because that's what we were planning to do, making it...
Speaker D: Special form also.
Speaker A: Yeah, special material also because there's rubber and the buttons have to be rubber.
Speaker D: What is the normal material?
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Classic, I think.
Speaker B: Classic.
Speaker D: Classic.
Speaker A: Okay, but the problem now is that...
Speaker A: There's no such thing as a docking station in this list, but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for 30 cents.
Speaker D: But we can sell the remote control and sell the docking station separately.
Speaker D: Yes, and we don't have to tell it, but we can say we can almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without a docking station.
Speaker A: Yeah, I do like the idea, but the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore.
Speaker A: No, but then we have to find out what chip we need.
Speaker C: Yeah, I really don't get it. I mean, if it's a simple chip, I think we can all be honest.
Speaker A: I think the special color thing has to be marked because I think that's what they...
Speaker D: But for two euros and 30 cents, we don't get a docking station.
Speaker A: I don't know. Can we find out about the chips? Because when we don't need a docking station, then probably we also need a simple chip.
Speaker B: And then we can get...
Speaker A: Maybe then we can do something extra.
Speaker A: But it's still always going to get more expensive with the Simona.
Speaker A: Then we have some money left. We can put...
Speaker A: Then for two euros, we can put a scroll wheel on it.
Speaker A: Yeah, we know.
Speaker C: Ah, why?
Speaker C: I mean, if it would cost two euros, the kind of total thing, it would be nice, too.
Speaker C: I mean, we're not going to add...
Speaker C: But what can we do?
Speaker A: How are we going to do the kinetic cells? That's also maybe an idea.
Speaker B: But what can we do with the simple chip? What's the difference with the regular chip?
Speaker A: Yeah, that's what we can find out. Maybe we can find it in your email right now.
Speaker A: And we know exactly what it will cost us. Maybe it's nice to know.
Speaker B: Regular chip. Because we don't have special functions to use.
Speaker B: Yeah, but when we...
Speaker C: We have a farm chip, for example, I'm like the hand in ammo.
Speaker A: But when we skip...
Speaker A: When we don't use the...
Speaker A: I'm going to make the docking station.
Speaker A: Then we still...
Speaker A: We need something else maybe to make it kind of special, because that was our special future.
Speaker C: We can make a plane docking station for two euros.
Speaker C: We'll go back tomorrow.
Speaker A: Yeah, okay. You can also do the...
Speaker A: Without the recharge...
Speaker A: It still is a special remote control, you know.
Speaker A: It's for a special one.
Speaker C: But we can make a docking station for two euros if you don't put the recharge function in it.
Speaker C: I mean...
Speaker C: It has a shape.
Speaker C: Yeah, but for two euros.
Speaker A: And we have to use the advanced chip.
Speaker A: And two euros. Is it even possible?
Speaker C: Why should that not be possible?
Speaker A: Because then we...
Speaker A: Three cents left.
Speaker C: Now, for the docking station, if you choose the simple chip.
Speaker A: Yeah, but...
Speaker A: Yeah, I don't know, because maybe...
Speaker A: Yeah, we'll find out what the same thing is.
Speaker B: That's the question.
Speaker B: If we do need an advanced chip.
Speaker B: Yes, and we...
Speaker A: And we listen to my world's vision.
Speaker A: Sample, sample, sample, sample, sample, sample.
Speaker D: I don't know either.
Speaker D: It isn't in my information.
Speaker D: I've got a...
Speaker D: A schematic view of the remote control, but nothing about advanced chips or...
Speaker A: Let's take a look at it for presentation.
Speaker A: Technical functions?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: I've got here on my...
Speaker B: I will put a...
Speaker D: I will put a page on it.
Speaker D: When my mouse works again.
Speaker E: Oh, oh, oh.
Speaker E: Hey.
Speaker D: My mouse is...
Speaker C: Dead.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker C: Reanimated.
Speaker C: Oh, died.
Speaker D: Ah, I've got it.
Speaker D: I will put my email on the...
Speaker D: On the network.
None: What the hell are these?
Speaker C: It's on it.
Speaker B: Oh, what a...
None: Yeah, it's open.
Speaker A: I don't think it's in here already.
Speaker B: There's only just...
Speaker B: There's nothing about...
Speaker A: In the presentation of yours, there was also something about different components.
Speaker A: Which one was it?
Speaker A: Component.
Speaker A: Fictional requirements?
Speaker C: No, that was my personal...
Speaker B: Component design, maybe.
Speaker A: Yes, that was mine.
Speaker A: Yes, that was the second.
Speaker D: Yeah, that was my second.
Speaker A: Your first presentation.
Speaker C: It's at the bottom.
Speaker C: It's a taskbar.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's the other one.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker B: This is not the right one.
Speaker A: I don't...
Speaker A: Okay, sorry.
Speaker A: This is the other one.
Speaker A: Maybe something about...
Speaker A: In these chips.
Speaker D: This is the same...
Speaker D: This is only the possibilities.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, we can use a simple regular or advanced chip.
Speaker D: Yeah, nice.
Speaker C: That's the same.
Speaker A: You know that a push button requires a simple chip, but a scroll wheel requires...
Speaker A: Oh, okay.
Speaker A:...a ring tube is not open.
Speaker A: Okay, so we only need a simple chip.
Speaker D: With a light.
Speaker B: A little light.
Speaker B: Yeah, but that's just the same as the...
Speaker A: No, no, this is a simple chip.
Speaker C: That's that neat.
Speaker A: The scroll wheel...
Speaker A: This only states that the scroll wheel requires a regular chip, and that a display requires an advanced chip.
Speaker A: So we don't need anything.
Speaker C: This display is, of course, for some...
Speaker C: For some text.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I don't think that...
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Just a little light.
Speaker B: I think a normal simple chip will be okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree.
Speaker A: And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker?
Speaker D: Maybe you can say against the remote page.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Page up, page run.
Speaker C: Yeah, I guess so too.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's not what we want.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: Well, we might want it, but...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker D: All in 12 euros.
Speaker A: In the back two costs.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: 12 euros and 50 cents.
Speaker A: So we're going to use a simple chip.
Speaker D: Great.
Speaker C: Delete.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: In the light.
Speaker D: Where are the lights?
Speaker D: Yeah, the lights.
Speaker B: There's no...
Speaker C: Oh, they're free, I guess.
Speaker C: Category.
Speaker A: No, there is someone left to be spent.
Speaker A: Can we do it?
Speaker B: I think we can make a darker station.
Speaker A: Okay, but what we have to think about now is that...
Speaker A: Is this still a special remote control?
Speaker A: I mean, it hasn't got any innovative technology.
Speaker A: We aren't going to apply any innovative technology anyway, I think.
Speaker A: I don't see any possibility to do so because it wouldn't fit our design philosophy.
Speaker A: Is there some extra...
Speaker A: Maybe, I think, maybe the kinetic thing is something instead of the rechargeable.
Speaker A: The rechargeable thing was something to...
Speaker A: So people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore.
Speaker A: Maybe if we put the kinetic thing in it.
Speaker A: But sometimes you put it...
Speaker A: Yeah, you leave...
Speaker A: Yeah, I know, but still, they will think about that.
Speaker A: I mean, if you...
Speaker D: Kinetics are nowadays only used in watches.
Speaker A: It's made for people, but they don't...
Speaker A: If it was useless technology, they wouldn't put it as a possibility.
Speaker A: A solar sensor used for the hand of the knife.
Speaker A: The target group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control.
Speaker A: Because I think when there was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic power source, then it would be this one because it's one that gets thrown around a lot and gets used a lot.
Speaker A: Maybe that's a cool thing about it, you know?
Speaker A: You don't use batteries.
Speaker A: I've never seen it before in a remote control.
Speaker B: Then we can make a docking station five minutes.
Speaker A: No, we can make a docking station anyway.
Speaker C: That's not true.
Speaker A: Yeah, we can also...
Speaker A: We can make a docking station.
Speaker A: We can still make...
Speaker B: Look at now, we got two...
Speaker B: Two-thirty left.
Speaker B: We can make a docking station.
Speaker D: A docking station like that?
Speaker D: With a cable, with buttons on it, with retrieval, a device in it.
Speaker C: The power device is very cheap.
Speaker C: That's just a regular power cable.
Speaker A: It would be serious.
Speaker A: The docking station would be...
Speaker A: With a button.
Speaker D: With a button to retrieve it, so it will beep.
Speaker D: So it's wireless technology.
Speaker A: We haven't looked at the discosts of the speaker and other stuff.
Speaker A: I don't think it's realistically to do so.
Speaker C: Well, then it's useless project.
None: Look at the case.
Speaker D: The case of...
Speaker B: Then we don't have...
Speaker A: Look at all these special stuff.
Speaker A: The colors are special, the form is special.
Speaker A: This is a whole concept.
Speaker A: Maybe with the kinetic thing.
Speaker A: I think we could do a compromise with the kinetic thing.
Speaker C: Can we say 15 euros?
Speaker C: No, it's the...
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: Then we have to sell it for 30 euros.
Speaker C: No.
Speaker C: We only make less profit over it.
Speaker C: You can sell for 27.5.
Speaker C: Then you make as much profit as you would with 12.5 production costs.
Speaker A: My suggestion is just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it like...
Speaker A: I also feel this concept of making it kinetic.
Speaker A: Because of the...
Speaker D: I don't think we can do it with both.
Speaker D: Maybe we can do it both in the remote.
Speaker D: Battery and kinetic.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: That wouldn't...
Speaker C: No.
None: Thirteen, twenty.
Speaker A: Yeah, and it's also not a good...
Speaker A: It's not a good...
Speaker A: It's really only kinetic.
Speaker A: You don't want to think about batteries anymore.
Speaker A: Yes, but when it's kinetic...
Speaker D: No, you have to shake it.
Speaker D: And when it's empty.
Speaker A: It's great.
Speaker C: You have to throw it through the room like 20 times an hour.
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker A: This is very sophisticated technology.
Speaker A: When you use it for...
Speaker A: You're remote like once today or maybe even less.
Speaker D: No, that's not true.
Speaker D: A watch is kinetic.
Speaker D: Because you walk all the time.
Speaker A: We can make it...
Speaker A: No.
Speaker A: Be able to remote control gets...
Speaker A: Why do they state that this technology can be used to be...
Speaker D: Yeah, solar cells are also stated.
Speaker A: Yeah, but a calculator also works on solar cells.
Speaker D: Yeah, you solar cells.
Speaker A: Because I think the whole dynamic part, you know, appeals to me thinking of our design philosophy, you know, with the rubber parts and sturdiness of the thing.
Speaker A: And when you move it around a lot, then people find the idea funny than when I move my remote control around.
Speaker C: That's true.
Speaker C: It's funny for a week.
Speaker C: I guess something like that where you have to move it around very frequently.
Speaker C: It's the most...
Speaker A: Yeah, you don't have to.
Speaker A: Trust me, the idea of this technology is that you don't think about it.
Speaker A: It just happens.
Speaker C: No, I don't move.
Speaker C: My remote control...
Speaker A: Okay, we don't have to do it, but we just have a lack of key futures.
Speaker A: You know, you have to put something on your box to make people buy it.
Speaker A: And we can really do the docking thing.
Speaker A: It's not...
Speaker A: Yeah, we can do it, but it would be an easy way out.
Speaker D: You can do it for 50 cents.
Speaker C: We've got more than 50 cents.
Speaker A: Okay, but we have to do...
Speaker A: The case alone is...
Speaker D: Because we only have a minute left or so.
Speaker D: The case alone for a remote control is at least one euro.
Speaker D: Then we have one euro 30 for the whole documentation.
Speaker A: Okay, we can leave it on bed.
Speaker A: And then our concept is ready.
Speaker B: Keep remote control.
Speaker A: Yeah, we...
Speaker A: Make some extra profit on it.
Speaker C: No, we won't.
Speaker C: Any ideas?
Speaker C: Of course not.
Speaker D: It's great.
Speaker B: We just have to go all what we did today again.
Speaker B: We have to do it over.
Speaker C: We'll come back tomorrow.
Speaker A: There's still some concept and some special left.
Speaker A: It's going to excel in the field of design and the looks and feel.
Speaker A: That's what makes it special.
Speaker A: Yeah, and I would have liked the kinetic part as well to give it some extra special future.
Speaker A: I know it will work.
Speaker A: They're not putting technologies on this list if it was impossible to make it happen.
Speaker D: Why not a hand dynamic then?
Speaker A: Okay, but we leave like this.
Speaker A: Then it's nowhere.
Speaker C: We can do anything else.
Speaker C: Warning.
Speaker C: Finish meeting now.
Speaker D: We're done.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Is this it?
Speaker A: Sure.
Speaker A: We're going to do the last cheat.
Speaker B: We have to do this.
Speaker C: Yes, yes.
Speaker C: Celebration.
Speaker C: I don't see why, but where's the champagne?
Speaker C: I think we've got to fill out another question to be honest.
Speaker D: I don't hear a bell.
Speaker C: No, not yet.
Speaker E: All right.
Speaker C: We can do it here.
Speaker C: I'll see you guys in a minute.
Speaker C: Bye.
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker B: Can we do it here?
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't think so.
Speaker D: Just fill that one in.
Speaker B: Yeah, we're doing now.
Speaker B: Oh, okay.
Speaker B: Nice.
Speaker B: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
