None: On the road turn on We're getting by now I can unexplainable This place seems to be different If we Laf Quadretta happened Good morning
Speaker D: Good morning.
None: Thank you, I have you a chip over there man. Cotto?
Speaker C: I have some sushi.
None: Yeah, its 1977.
Speaker A: Sh Good morning. I'd like to welcome you to our first meeting. I've prepared a little presentation.
Speaker A: My name is Marim Plonf and I hope you will introduce yourself in a few minutes as well.
Speaker A: I'm the project manager of this project and well I will tell you fur on what actually is the project.
Speaker A: This is the agenda for our first meeting. This is the opening. Then we will get, I will hope we will get acquainted with each other.
Speaker A: We'll do a little tool training with these two things. We'll take a look at the project plan.
Speaker A: There will be time for discussion. Actually we have to discuss because we have to create a product and then we will close this session.
Speaker A: First of all, I'd like to introduce you to this room. As you probably have noticed there are little black fields on the table.
Speaker A: You have to put your laptop exactly in that field so the little cameras can see your face.
Speaker A: There are cameras everywhere around the room especially here for your face.
Speaker A: This isn't a pie. It's a set of microphones and there are microphones here also. Please don't be afraid of them. They won't hurt you.
Speaker A: I'm the project manager and I'm hoping for a good project. I'd like to hear who you are and what your functions are on this project.
Speaker D: Let's start with the ladies. I'm Imkriel and my function is user interface design. I'm a industrial designer and I hope to look forward to a very pleasing end of this project.
Speaker C: My name is Danny Magrale. I'm a marketing expert. My job is in the company to promote products to the customers.
Speaker C: I also hope we have a pleasant work with each other.
Speaker A: We have some expertise from different pieces of the company. That's good.
Speaker A: As said, we're working on a project and the aim for that project is to create a new remote control which has to be original, trendy and user friendly.
Speaker A: I hope we have the expertise to create such a project.
Speaker A: The way we hope to achieve that is through the following methods. It consists of three phases, namely the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design.
Speaker A: As you can see, all of these phases consist of two parts, namely individual work part and a meeting where we will discuss our work so far.
Speaker A: But first, I will tell you something about the tools we have here. I already talked about the cameras and microphones, but they are not much use to us.
Speaker A: We will have to take advantage of these two things. They are smart boards. As you can see, you can give a presentation on them.
Speaker A: This one here is a white board. I will instruct you about that soon.
Speaker A: As you also noticed, this presentation document is in our project folder. Every document you put in this folder is possible to show that here in our meeting room.
Speaker A: There are available on both smart boards, but I think we will use this one for the document in the shared folder.
Speaker A: As you can see, this is the same toolbar as is located here. The most functions we will use will be to add a new page to go back and forward between pages and, of course, to save it every now and then.
Speaker A: This is the pen with which you can draw on the board. For instance, like this, everything is OK, but I have to put it on the pen.
Speaker A: You can write things like test or whatever you want. As you can see, you have to move it a little bit slow. It is not such a fast board. It is a smart board, but also a slow board.
Speaker A: You can write things, and, of course, you can also, when you click here, erase things, so we have asked left.
Speaker A: You can also delete an entire page, but we ask you not to do that. Just simply create a new one and start all over because we want to save all the results.
Speaker A: Does everyone understand this?
Speaker A: You can erase anything. You can erase it with the eraser, but you shouldn't delete an entire page.
Speaker A: You can delete a blank one, and I will delete this one now because we don't use it yet.
Speaker A: You can, of course, erase when you make a mistake, but don't delete entire pages.
Speaker A: Also, let's see, I think it's here, change the color of your pen. For instance, take a blue one and change the line with 5.
Speaker A: And that's what you will need for our first exercise because I'm going to ask you to draw your favorite animal.
Speaker A: It's also to guess to know each other because I'm asking three things for that drawing. To do it on a blank sheet with different colors, and I just showed you how to pick a color, and also with different pen widths, which I also showed you.
Speaker A: And favorite characteristic can be just one word.
Speaker A: Well, I'm not very good at drawing, but I will go first and try to draw.
Speaker A: Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing.
Speaker B: It's a sheep.
Speaker D: It's a silver.
Speaker D: A silver.
Speaker D: A beaver.
Speaker A: Well, it's weird.
Speaker A: It could be everything.
Speaker A: Maybe when I put on this thing, it could be a turtle snail.
Speaker A: Or a snail.
Speaker A: But the snail doesn't have legs.
Speaker B: The turtle has.
Speaker A: And those are slow.
Speaker A: And I hope our project group will not be slow, but we will work to a good result and do it as fast as we can.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Time for another animal. Would you like to go next?
Speaker C: It was forward.
None: That is so good.
Speaker B: Oh.
Speaker D: That helps.
Speaker C: To make it a little bit easier.
Speaker B: It's not that cute.
Speaker B: Or a dinosaur.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I think it's easy to recognize.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The favorite characteristic is the long neck.
Speaker C: It can reach everything.
Speaker C: I can also reach a lot with this project.
Speaker A: That's my favorite animal.
Speaker A: Anything else you need to know?
Speaker B: I can draw with this.
Speaker D: Wow.
Speaker D: It's a mouse.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: You can guess what it is, I hope.
Speaker B: It's a rabbit.
Speaker B: Well, it's a quick, I guess.
Speaker B: That's my favorite animal.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence, one of the most intelligent animals in our world.
Speaker D: I can see we have some drawing sounds.
Speaker A: Well, nice animals, nice words.
Speaker A: Sounds good.
Speaker A: Back to business, back to the money part.
Speaker A: From the finance department, I've learned that we are aiming for a selling price of 25 euros and we're hoping for a aim of 50 million euros and we're hoping to achieve that by aiming for an international market.
Speaker A: And the production costs will be 12 euro 50 max.
Speaker A: Okay, well, it's time for some discussion.
Speaker A: I've wrote down some examples here of what we can speak about, what's your experience with remote controls, what kind of ideas do you have to design a new remote control, maybe, for which market segments should be aimed or should be aimed for all segments.
Speaker A: Well, actually, I'd like to hand the word back to you.
Speaker A: What's your experience with remote control?
Speaker B: A lot of buttons.
Speaker D: Which you don't use.
Speaker D: Complex.
Speaker D: Complex.
Speaker D: Not user friendly.
Speaker B: You search for the buttons, which ones which.
Speaker C: Boring.
Speaker C: Boring.
Speaker A: It's not fun to use in remote.
Speaker A: Black or black.
Speaker D: So, black colors.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Or maybe we should try to make it fun.
Speaker D: We use batteries and last batteries and poor signal.
Speaker D: The angle is to use.
Speaker B: Different remote control.
Speaker B: Different remote control.
Speaker B: Different remote control.
Speaker B: We can integrate them or something.
Speaker D: For the use of different devices.
Speaker B: Your stereo and your TV and the...
Speaker B: That's nice.
Speaker C: Yeah, but then again, you still have a lot of buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker D: Yeah, but I think there's a possibility to put those buttons behind some kind of protection.
Speaker D: So, if you only get serum when you need them.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: It's possible.
Speaker C: So, do you only get...
Speaker D: No, no, no, no.
Speaker B: You just keep it tomorrow.
Speaker D: For example, you get the same size remote control you use every day.
Speaker D: And the usual buttons such as zapping, which is called a Dutch.
Speaker D: And the following is the only possible buttons to use directly.
Speaker C: Or the numbers.
Speaker D: And the numbers, of course.
Speaker D: But not the buttons used to search on the channels on your television.
Speaker D: You're going to use those the first time.
Speaker D: Play-balls.
Speaker A: So, maybe a minimalist design.
Speaker A: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker B: Of buttons.
Speaker B: But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it.
Speaker B: That's a...
Speaker B: Thanks for a...
Speaker B: Tailor text.
Speaker B: I don't know that.
Speaker B: That's a name.
Speaker D: Tailor text.
Speaker D: Thanks.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker A: So, you don't want to bother people with loads of buttons, but on the other hand, they need many buttons, so they don't have to get out of their seat.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think the market will be all kinds of people.
Speaker C: All of the young people.
Speaker B: But if it's international, you should look in Britain, they have different things they can do with TV.
Speaker B: Or so that you can choose what you want to see.
Speaker B: I don't know if you should take that into consideration.
Speaker B: It just should aim for the normal TV.
Speaker B: Yeah, I think that's better.
Speaker C: I think if you're going to target a lot of people in the whole world and only Britain, then I think the cost will rise higher than 1250, I think.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't know if the...
Speaker C: It was better to use the whole world in Britain.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, it could be...
Speaker D: I think the main idea of this remote control is to make it user-friendly.
Speaker D: So I think when the customers will buy this remote control, they already have the remote control, which companies...
Speaker D: With the standard remote control, which comes with the television.
Speaker D: So it only has to have the most used buttons.
Speaker D: You don't have to integrate the buttons to search the channels on your television in those...
Speaker D: Oh, but then you have to find your other remote control...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah, but it's impossible to accommodate all the buttons on the different televisions set on one remote control.
Speaker D: It's impossible.
Speaker D: For example, Sony Television has the opportunity to make possible for it to see on one side of the screen, teletext, on the other side, just a regular television.
Speaker C: I think most television nowadays do this.
Speaker D: Yeah, but they don't use the same signal on remote control, because you can use a Panasonic remote control on a phillips television.
Speaker C: Yeah, but then you have to choose the...
Speaker C: It's always a universal control mode.
Speaker C: You have to choose the code.
Speaker C: I'm choosing the code.
Speaker C: I guess which type of television you have.
Speaker C: There's no problem.
Speaker C: I think the two pages on the same screen, like teletext and normal television, that's nowadays standard.
Speaker D: I think most people...
Speaker D: People will buy their remote control because they lost the first one.
Speaker D: The first one is broken, so...
Speaker D: Perhaps they haven't got an older television, so that option is not...
Speaker D: Yeah, definitely optional for those people.
Speaker B: Then people have a new television, and if you look into the future, then they want to...
Speaker B: It's very beautiful.
Speaker D: So we should take that in consideration.
Speaker D: Mm-hmm.
Speaker A: Okay, well, any more ideas?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker A: No, I think they'll come up.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, well, we have some time.
Speaker A: Let's see.
Speaker A: One more I have to tell.
Speaker A: I don't think there's much left.
Speaker A: Nope, we're starting to close.
Speaker A: Our next meeting will start a little bit early, but our next meeting will start in 30 minutes.
Speaker A: In the meantime, there's time for some individual actions.
Speaker A: As you can see, the different roles have different tasks.
Speaker A: And there's a ping.
Speaker A: Is it my laptop?
Speaker D: Yep.
Speaker D: Stop the meeting.
Speaker A: Oh, the meeting will come up in five minutes.
Speaker A: Five minutes in the meeting, so we're right on schedule.
Speaker A: The marketing expert will take a look at the user requirements specification.
Speaker A: The user interface designer will work out the technical functions design.
Speaker A: And this was the interface designer or the interaction designer?
Speaker A: No, interface designer.
Speaker A: Okay, first guess was right.
Speaker A: We'll take a look at the working design.
Speaker D: No, the industrial designer will take a look at the working design.
Speaker D: Any usability interaction?
Speaker D: Industrial design.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Let's just use the acronyms.
Speaker A: And of course, specific restrictions will be sent to you for your personal coach.
Speaker B: So I should look at what you should be able to do with your mouse or how?
Speaker A: Well, those instructions will be in the email you will receive shortly, I hope.
Speaker B: Me too.
Speaker A: And of course, you have your own expertise.
Speaker A: Well, that was what I had to say.
Speaker A: Are there any more questions?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker D: No?
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, I think then we have to head back to our offices and start working.
Speaker A: I have a more question.
Speaker C: One question?
Speaker C: Where does it says we have to make a remote because I pursued.
Speaker C: Okay, go.
Speaker C: I didn't know who.
Speaker C: Okay, no problem.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker A: I'll expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive shortly.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: Well, I'll see you all in about 30 minutes then.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Good.
None: That's very bad.
None: Yeah.
None: I can't do this, but I should do it.
None: I need to.
None: Okay.
