None: It won't wake up.
Speaker D: Yeah, I was a bit early.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker D: No, I just came in here normally.
Speaker D: I was one of them.
Speaker E: Okay.
None: Come on.
Speaker D: Check, check, check.
Speaker D: Why won't it wake up?
Speaker D: Is it done?
Speaker E: It's probably that doesn't work.
Speaker E: You turn it off.
Speaker D: But huh?
Speaker D: No, I don't.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I received an email with a few possibilities on the materials.
Speaker C: So I will discuss them.
Speaker C: Okay, we just came to the back later.
Speaker D: Yeah, I was...
Speaker B: Shall we go and talk about the conceptual model?
Speaker B: I'm sorry.
Speaker D: It's one of those models.
Speaker B: So that's me.
Speaker B: Okay, so...
Speaker B: Okay, so I'll just show you the...
Speaker B: The minute.
Speaker B: The minute.
Speaker B: What's it called?
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: Minutes.
Speaker B: Okay, so we just talked about...
Speaker B: Do you want me to show it there?
Speaker B: No, I just...
Speaker B: Okay, we just talked about it.
Speaker B: It looks...
Speaker B: It has a look nice.
Speaker B: Usability is very important.
Speaker B: People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones.
Speaker B: It has to be very basic, not too many buttons.
Speaker B: Light switches on if you use a button.
Speaker B: Textivity still has to be a possibility.
Speaker B: And it has to be easy to learn.
Speaker B: The other things I make minutes of.
Speaker B: And the function is our full-room channel to choose channels on, off a mute button and the textivity button that are the functions.
Speaker B: Is that right?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: That's okay.
Speaker B: So I just want to give you Mike again the first presentation of your...
Speaker E: Shall I start?
None: No?
Speaker E: Okay, well, I received an email.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I searched the web.
Speaker E: And I searched on this document.
Speaker E: We sent an investigation of the remote control market.
Speaker E: It has been done in Italy and in another country in Europe.
Speaker E: I forget it.
Speaker E: But they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look and feel instead of the current functional look and feel.
Speaker E: So it's very important for us to create something new.
Speaker E: So what Michael just said, it must be some very different from ordinary remote controls.
Speaker E: Fancy stands for an original look and feel of the case and interface.
Speaker E: This aspect is the most important one.
Speaker E: It came out of the research.
Speaker E: It is twice important as the following.
Speaker E: The second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological innovative.
Speaker E: That stands for new technical features.
Speaker E: And then this is a point of discussion because we just decided that we don't make use of LCD or speech recognition.
Speaker E: But this is the second important aspect.
Speaker E: And I think we must use some of the new technology to be innovative.
Speaker B: So we already have the flashing light on that.
Speaker B: Maybe some new.
Speaker E: We have to discuss about it.
Speaker E: We'll get back.
Speaker E: Time of speech that do not exist in current remote controls.
Speaker E: And that's very hard I think.
Speaker E: The third one is the aspect that remote controls should be easy to use.
Speaker E: But that was an overall point.
Speaker E: We already discussed that.
Speaker E: I've got one picture.
Speaker E: Our target group we thought about was Yo and Trendy.
Speaker E: So I took that part of the web page.
Speaker E: And it says fashion watchers of a very friends in Italy.
Speaker E: I have detected the following trends.
Speaker E: This trends trend I think it's not that meaningful for us.
Speaker E: Maybe but it's about clothes and shoes.
Speaker E: But the next aspect also in contrast to last year the field of material is expected to be spongy.
Speaker E: Spongy.
Speaker E: What does spongy say?
Speaker E: Spongy.
Speaker C: So rubber kind of.
Speaker D: Soft materials.
Speaker B: Maybe that's definitely a good idea because you've dropped the remote control very often on the ground.
Speaker E: So it has to be flexible.
Speaker E: It's something that's standard.
Speaker E: I didn't know what it means.
Speaker E: So spongy means soft.
Speaker E: It's also a stress ball.
Speaker B: That's a good idea.
Speaker B: It's the bit like the borders of the remote control.
Speaker C: I have some material information but I will give you it later in my presentation.
Speaker E: Okay, what do I think?
Speaker E: Because a fancy look is the most important thing for remote control.
Speaker E: I think about changeable fronts.
Speaker E: Maybe I see through one in a fruit front because it's hot.
Speaker E: And some basic color fronts.
Speaker E: So we can make five different fronts to start with or something.
Speaker E: Maybe an extraordinary shape like a spongy.
Speaker E: Or just another shape than a normal remote control has just something round in it or maybe not.
Speaker E: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker E: We have to discuss about that.
Speaker E: Yeah, the main point still is the technological innovative.
Speaker E: How do we do that?
Speaker E: Maybe speech?
Speaker E: We must have some kind of gadget.
Speaker D: I'll get back on that.
Speaker B: So it's very difficult to do it because it's only 12 and a half years you have to spend.
Speaker D: Yeah, no problem.
Speaker D: I got also an email from the technology department.
Speaker D: Maybe watch first the next research about it and even more possibilities now with speech.
Speaker D: So they recommend it using it.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Let's check what the...
Speaker E: First watch, both presentation first then.
Speaker C: No, actually we don't have an idea how much is going to cost.
Speaker C: Maybe it's cheap and easy to implement.
Speaker D: They don't say how much it will cost.
Speaker D: But if we implement...
Speaker D: It's mass production, speech, classification.
Speaker D: I think it would be better to implement LCD as well.
Speaker D: Since you have to configure speech.
Speaker B: That's definitely more expensive than...
Speaker D: That's something I don't know.
Speaker E: But we're going to make many of those so we can start a mass production and then...
Speaker E: Yeah, but a telephone has...
Speaker E: Okay, yeah.
Speaker B: But a telephone also has LCD and...
Speaker B: Yeah, so we've got it.
Speaker B: And it's about 200 euros.
Speaker A: We have to decide on that.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: That was this?
Speaker D: No, no.
Speaker C: I got an email and it says the chip can be simple, regular or advanced.
Speaker C: And they say a display requires an advanced chip and this is more expensive than all the other chips.
Speaker C: So it smells the most expensive.
Speaker D: It smells the most expensive.
Speaker D: It smells the most expensive.
Speaker C: Yeah, it says an email.
Speaker C: The display requires an advanced chip.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: And speech are good, nation?
Speaker D: Yeah, probably too.
Speaker C: I haven't got anything about speech recognition but...
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Well, that's the most expensive chip we need if we're doing a display.
Speaker D: Well, we can...
Speaker D: All right.
Speaker D: To make a sort of a design.
Speaker D: So I did some searching on the internet.
Speaker D: And what's the old remote controls and use remote controls?
Speaker D: I think we should... this is one of the modern remote controls of the moment.
Speaker D: I think we should go more to the iPod and the MPD players.
Speaker B: Yeah, just mobile phones.
Speaker D: More than more than but still a basic.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: You probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller because when you're in remote control you can see it here.
Speaker D: You have to reach both sides and you just have one few buttons.
Speaker D: So that's the main difference.
Speaker D: But it looks, I definitely think we should go like this and then changeable funds.
Speaker D: So that's the most important part I think.
Speaker D: But on the home basis, something like that, something simple.
Speaker D: Well, and then I just ordered the buttons a bit.
Speaker D: Basic buttons on, off, mute and maybe two others.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker B: Text button.
Speaker D: Yeah, text button maybe there and there.
Speaker D: And then the color buttons if we want it on.
Speaker D: I don't find it very usable but I don't think it fits in the modern stream as well.
Speaker D: And then where you saw the display in the iPod, you can put the basic buttons.
Speaker D: One, two, three, four and above ten.
Speaker D: That's on the display.
Speaker D: No, no, there was no display there but it's on the place of the display.
Speaker D: And I think we should light this up much more than that part.
Speaker D: So focus is on these two parts.
Speaker D: So you don't see all the buttons you have.
Speaker B: But this one is very difficult to use because the volume and channel is on the bottom of it so you can use it down for it.
Speaker D: This is how it is now.
Speaker D: Here, well, volume, I think it is on the bottom too.
Speaker B: It's not the best.
Speaker D: Well, here I have also side scrolls.
Speaker D: I don't know if you can use that.
Speaker D: Yeah, I've got something on that.
Speaker B: For volume or channel?
Speaker D: For volume.
Speaker D: Well, then we can even simplify it more by just putting the volume on the side and just channel buttons here.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think the channel buttons are often used and you can use them now with your thumb because the thing is not easy to use.
Speaker C: Well, control.
Speaker D: Basically, that's here.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: Maybe we should put that on top and buttons we don't use on any buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah, just the older buttons like textivity.
Speaker B: You put that on the button.
Speaker C: Because you can't hold it.
Speaker B: You can't hold it alone.
Speaker B: Yeah, control and push the buttons.
Speaker B: Except from the on off button.
Speaker D: Oh, okay.
Speaker D: Well, yeah.
Speaker C: Well, I think you'll use the switch channels buttons more often than the normal channel buttons like one, two, three.
Speaker D: So maybe we can put that on the bottom.
Speaker D: Maybe I don't know.
Speaker C: Like zapping is just switching.
Speaker D: Maybe it's not easy if it's below.
Speaker D: It's harder to zap.
Speaker D: So I think it should be, it should be easy.
Speaker D: I think it's pretty standard.
Speaker D: These row buttons on the top.
Speaker D: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: That's good.
Speaker D: But if you don't light them up, they don't, you don't seem very good.
Speaker D: I think it's moderate to light this area up and to light this area up.
Speaker D: So the focus gets on this part and not on there.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: But the position of course can be different.
Speaker D: We have to look at what's easy to use and how it's easier to use.
Speaker D: So we can switch these to, I don't know if it will look good if you put those on the bottom.
Speaker C: No, I think the top buttons are okay.
Speaker C: Those should be on top.
Speaker C: Maybe we can switch those to.
Speaker D: Do us to, yeah.
Speaker D: And yeah, you have to make sure it's easy to, yes, that has to be big enough so you can heal.
Speaker D: Right.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Well, that's my finding.
Speaker D: So my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look and be player.
Speaker D: And well, if you want to put in a speak recognition or something, I don't think we should put it on top then.
Speaker D: I think that if you're going to put in more technology, that you need to be able to switch it open.
Speaker D: Do you use?
Speaker D: Yeah, that's cool.
Speaker D: So if you put in a speech recognition, you need so many more buttons which won't look good on the front side, I think.
Speaker C: Okay.
None: No.
Speaker D: So that's something we have to decide on.
Speaker C: Yeah, we have to keep it simple.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We have to decide this lecture.
Speaker B: What are we going to do?
Speaker B: 50 minutes.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I was just going to look.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: The component design.
Speaker C: I looked at some similar devices and my own common knowledge.
Speaker C: So this was on the website.
Speaker C: If you aim at a young public, you should use materials that are soft with primary colors like green, blue, red.
Speaker C: So flashy kind of colors.
Speaker C: Shapes should be curved.
Speaker C: So round shapes, not nothing square like.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, okay.
Speaker D: Your iPod is trendy.
Speaker D: And it is.
Speaker D: No curved square.
Speaker C: It's right.
Speaker C: Yeah, but it has round corners I think.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So we shouldn't have two square corners.
Speaker D: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: Not the old box look.
Speaker C: And sports and gaming divine style characteristics.
Speaker C: I don't know exactly what that means, but it should be, well, yeah.
Speaker C: Popular kind of.
Speaker B: Yeah, we have to put our real reaction logo as well on the, on the removed controls.
Speaker B: So the colors also, so we have made make it in black, black, yellow.
Speaker C: Yeah, black yellow.
Speaker B: Maybe the sides yellow and the top black.
Speaker C: Not that weird because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy to attract a young
Speaker D: public. But I don't think the colors black and yellow go well together.
Speaker B: Maybe you can put the yellow on the side and black on the front.
Speaker C: That's just a matter of taste.
Speaker C: But yeah, okay.
Speaker C: We have to use kind of flashy colors.
Speaker D: Can't we use different fronts with all with the logo on it?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Can we do that?
Speaker B: Like France in red and yellow and blue and still transparent.
Speaker D: Okay, but with all with logo on it.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, this is a remote control, a very old one.
Speaker C: Then the components, the case is just the, here's black.
Speaker B: Maybe we have to make it from software material.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker C: But anyways, it should be transparent, we decided that.
Speaker D: No one of the options.
Speaker D: You can, just like a mobile phone, you can make a perfect font on it.
Speaker D: So you can just replace them, I think.
Speaker D: Yeah, we could do that.
Speaker D: But I do just release one.
Speaker B: Give five with them just in the box.
Speaker D: Yeah, or just a different one.
Speaker C: You could make them like blue and transparent.
Speaker C: So you can still look through it.
Speaker C: The buttons, normal rubber, I think.
Speaker C: Like normal ordinary buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker B: It could be like a Nokia, like the new.
Speaker D: Yeah, just a hard part.
Speaker D: It's better.
Speaker D: It's a rubber really as an old look.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: And then the new modern remote controls.
Speaker E: The buttons are part of the style, I think.
Speaker E: It's part of the remote control itself.
Speaker E: It's one out of one shape.
Speaker E: It doesn't, it's a button.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's all on one level.
Speaker C: It doesn't come out of the background.
Speaker E: It is in the remote control.
Speaker C: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Speaker C: So we have to keep it on one level.
Speaker C: Yeah, like mobile phones.
Speaker C: The top is, yeah.
Speaker D: Not the iPod.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: So that should be hard plastic than the buttons, I think.
Speaker D: Or maybe it's the kind of material that is.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Maybe you can make it around platform soft material.
Speaker B: Just only the basic remote control from normal plastic and the rounds of it from soft.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Then the LED, the normal infrared LED, I think.
Speaker C: It's sufficient.
Speaker C: And backlight LEDs.
Speaker C: So yeah.
Speaker C: But I think we have to make the case transparent.
Speaker C: Otherwise the backlight won't work.
Speaker C: So if you put, you can just not put my run to buttons.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Or run to the whole.
Speaker C: Yeah, but we can still make it transparent.
Speaker D: You can have transparent or just that it comes out a bit.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Good.
Speaker C: And in green color, the backlight or?
Speaker D: Difference, I think also.
Speaker B: Blue.
Speaker D: Blue, red, whatever you want.
Speaker D: I think it depends on the color.
Speaker B: Maybe you can choose it when you buy it.
Speaker B: That's true.
Speaker C: Now I think there are multiple color LEDs.
Speaker C: So is it okay?
Speaker C: Yeah, but can you change the color?
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker C: I know.
Speaker D: I can't control you.
Speaker C: Maybe it's more important.
Speaker C: We can put some different ones.
Speaker C: I think it doesn't matter.
Speaker D: I have to remind, I have a blinking light on my phone and I can change the color of
Speaker B: it. Okay, cool.
Speaker B: Just make it some different color, blue, red and green.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Maybe it's too expensive.
Speaker C: Well, I don't think so.
Speaker D: Put in any fancy technology yet.
Speaker C: Then some more technical things.
Speaker C: I don't know what it is, but it should be there, I think.
Speaker C: This is the normal circuit board, like chip board in a lot of things.
Speaker B: You have to hurry up a bit.
Speaker C: So we just need this and this transistors and resonators, this is all these kind of things.
Speaker C: They basically said that's almost the same on any remote control.
Speaker C: So I guess we just need that.
Speaker C: I don't know what they do or...
Speaker E: Yeah, you can change.
Speaker C: No, but they just said we needed the battery contacts, like normal batteries.
Speaker C: You can put it.
Speaker B: And recharge maybe.
Speaker B: Yeah, we just make sure.
Speaker B: We still want to have a recharge.
Speaker C: Yes, yes.
Speaker C: Yeah, but we don't want to have a...
Speaker C: How do you call it?
Speaker C: Aku.
Speaker C: Recharge.
Speaker B: Recharge.
Speaker C: Just batteries.
Speaker C: Rechargeable batteries.
Speaker D: Yeah, batteries, yes.
Speaker C: Rechargeable batteries.
Speaker C: Not a separate.
Speaker C: No, just rechargeable batteries.
Speaker C: And a chip, that's this one.
Speaker C: Then I received some possibilities.
Speaker C: For the energy source, we can use batteries or a kinetic, like with the pulse watch.
Speaker C: So it operates on your wrist.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: So if you have a normally remote control on the table or...
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't think it will work.
Speaker C: And we can also use solar cells, but you must use it indoors.
Speaker B: Just batteries, that's cheaper.
Speaker C: Yeah, and we can use the home station kind of thing.
Speaker C: Cases, flat, so uncurfed.
Speaker C: 2D curved is like front to the back.
Speaker C: And 3D curved is also in depth.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So that's possible.
Speaker C: But with 3D curved remote controls, we must use rubber buttons.
Speaker C: So we can use the flat.
Speaker C: So we need 2D.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think.
Speaker C: Definitely.
Speaker C: These kind of materials can be used.
Speaker B: But it doesn't really matter.
Speaker B: We just make it plastic.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so too.
Speaker B: Scroll wheels, that's cool.
Speaker B: This is for the full view.
Speaker C: Yeah, scroll wheels.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker C: We can use multiple scroll wheels too if we want to.
Speaker C: But I think just the volume is enough.
Speaker D: For channels, it's not handy.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: You scroll it fast.
Speaker C: And the LCD.
Speaker C: So we need the most expensive chip if we use an LCD.
Speaker B: I don't think that's an opportunity.
Speaker B: Just skip it.
Speaker B: Because we don't have time for that to.
Speaker B: Okay, done.
Speaker C: We must use the second most expensive chip.
Speaker C: So the regular chip.
Speaker C: Because we use scroll wheels.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And yeah, that was it.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I guess.
Speaker C: Are we using a rubber case or?
Speaker C: Oh, I just decided.
Speaker B: Maybe we have to skip that one as well.
Speaker D: I don't think it will be a case.
Speaker D: It should be soft.
Speaker E: Something about the trend too.
Speaker E: The trend is spongy.
Speaker E: And fruit or fresh.
Speaker E: Fresh.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Now we have nothing about those two.
Speaker D: Yeah, fruit and fresh can be just the covers.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So you can just off-line the spongy.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker D: I can't imagine.
Speaker D: No.
Speaker E: I don't like it.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker D: I just got to imagine it.
Speaker C: So just hard plastic?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker D: Titanium.
Speaker D: It's mentioned there.
Speaker C: Titanium, I think it's too expensive.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe the form has to be a bit different.
Speaker B: Not the square form just a bit.
Speaker C: Yeah, you can make it curved or round.
Speaker C: And just in 2D, nothing adapts.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: So if we have to decide which one we're going to choose from these, what exactly?
Speaker B: Because we have to know it.
Speaker B: So the energy is to recharge and you already know that?
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: The chip on prints is a normal one.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, the case is just a plastic one.
Speaker B: Yeah, the chip is the regular one.
Speaker C: You have to simple one, regular and it's fine.
Speaker C: So it should be regular in the second.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: I think I'll just check it.
Speaker B: And we need a plastic case with a scroll wheel.
Speaker B: No matter the least.
Speaker C: Yes.
Speaker B: That's pretty much it.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: And it actually lies.
Speaker B: So I'm not sure.
Speaker B: I don't know if we're expected to roll on this one at this moment.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker C: Or should we do it in the next meeting?
Speaker D: ID and UID work together on prototype drawing on smartboard.
Speaker C: So we should do it here.
Speaker D: So we're staying here?
Speaker C: Or should we do it in the next meeting?
Speaker B: I think that's the next meeting.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But you definitely get a specific instruction.
Speaker D: Okay, so I don't work through the minutes alone again.
Speaker B: But think about something that's more rounded and more...
Speaker B: Yeah, I didn't know.
Speaker D: But the iPod and etc.
Speaker D: And the player has mobile phones.
Speaker B: I bet just on the top one.
Speaker D: Yes, the bits currently.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: I'll see if I can see any of these.
Speaker B: Maybe the wheel can be like this.
Speaker B: If you draw it like this.
Speaker B: Get it.
Speaker B: What the fuck is it?
None: Okay.
Speaker B: Doesn't work.
Speaker B: You see what I mean?
Speaker B: If I draw here...
Speaker B: What?
Speaker B: It draws about four centimeters over the middle.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Maybe you can make it like this.
Speaker B: This is all the wheel for a volume.
Speaker B: So you can do...
Speaker B: Like a very big scroll wheel.
Speaker B: Yeah, but just not on the top, but on the side of it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we have this at the moment.
Speaker C: I think you'll get a lot of volume changing when it's not one.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So we have this?
Speaker B: Is that okay?
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: That's good as well.
Speaker C: Yeah, but maybe we can make a plastic so that if you drop it, it won't change the volume.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know if you use your thing like this.
Speaker D: That's quite about crazy.
Speaker B: Like this.
Speaker B: And what's the channel choose?
Speaker B: Where do we put that?
Speaker C: I think in middle.
Speaker D: It's in the bottom or?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: What is the middle part?
Speaker B: That's the numbers.
Speaker C: I think the numbers should be in the bottom and the switch channel in the middle.
Speaker D: Yeah, I agree as well.
Speaker B: It doesn't make a difference if you put the switch channels on side of each other on top of each other because you already have to volume here.
Speaker B: So you can also put it here one bit and the other one there next to each other.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker B: Back in front of you.
Speaker B: So you can also put it all on the top and this.
Speaker B: You keep this empty because you have to hold it as well.
Speaker C: Or you could do the switch channel up button above the numbers and switch channel down button.
Speaker C: That's not the one too.
Speaker B: That's very quick.
Speaker D: I think zipping style is priority and then you use those.
Speaker B: Is this opportunity?
Speaker B: Yeah, of course.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: But I think we should put them on top of each other.
Speaker C: So why?
Speaker C: Because then it's easy to know if I push the.
Speaker B: But still the next one.
Speaker C: Yeah, but the top button is like you switch channel up and down button is.
Speaker B: Yeah, but if you put them after writes exactly the same, it doesn't make a difference.
Speaker C: I think it's.
Speaker C: But I think left to right is more often associated with volume and top down is more with channel changing.
Speaker C: It's like almost remote controls.
Speaker C: So if we use that, they will probably have a long learning time.
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: You already have volume on the side.
Speaker B: So you can't make it.
Speaker B: You can't make it.
Speaker B: You can't make it.
Speaker D: You can't make it.
Speaker D: I think it's simple.
Speaker B: It's just.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: So what else do we have to discuss about?
Speaker B: I think we need to work three minutes again.
Speaker E: We have to get it.
Speaker E: It looks really new because we still hold on to the ordinary square.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: We're not control because what I see, the only difference in fact is that we use a scroll wheel on the outside.
Speaker C: And the left.
Speaker C: Yeah, but it should be around in shape.
Speaker D: The current controllers are all black and plastic.
Speaker D: You have to look at that image of the iPod.
Speaker D: Yes.
Speaker D: More that kind of style.
Speaker D: And that you don't the old gray black.
Speaker E: Some kind of blingling.
Speaker D: Well, you can put a very, if we do it like that, we have below if we do a lot of room to put a nice logo.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: The logo has to be on there.
Speaker E: And how many fonts do we put on the market then?
Speaker E: Five or something?
Speaker D: More or is it a customer?
Speaker D: Maybe you can buy separate ones.
Speaker E: And by the product you buy, you get one.
Speaker E: And you can choose one.
Speaker B: If you buy the project, that's your choice I think.
Speaker B: So you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharge.
Speaker B: Is that a good opportunity?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So I put it like that.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: You let it slide in the docking station.
Speaker C: Do we have to design that as well?
Speaker D: The docking station?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker D: Yeah, we can.
Speaker D: Yeah, that can be for example.
Speaker D: Just a recharge.
Speaker D: Just a second.
Speaker D: Yeah, around something.
Speaker D: Like, yeah, we had one example.
Speaker C: But we have to make contacts on the remote control and the recharging as well.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: But that's a round one.
Speaker E: Maybe we can choose them.
Speaker D: Here you just see one.
Speaker D: That's very round.
Speaker D: Oh, yeah.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So I think that can be all kind of shapes.
Speaker B: But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit.
Speaker C: After remote control.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: So you don't want to, like the eye pops and fills, but more rounded.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I think it will just look like more like this one since this is also rounded.
Speaker D: No, just the corners.
Speaker D: Right here.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Those are already a bit cornered.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, but we can do all kinds of, as long as it is in 2D, we can use all kind of round shapes.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: But then we have to think of something totally new.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, if we want to make it kind of new.
Speaker D: I've had a lot of pictures of old ones and all curves have already been done.
Speaker B: It's a bit annoying, is it?
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: What do we do wrong?
Speaker E: Just more like this and not square.
Speaker E: Yeah, okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I could do a lot of, a lot more curving.
Speaker D: I would do it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I know we can do a lot more, but yeah.
Speaker C: Like in this kind of shape.
Speaker E: Oh, sorry.
Speaker E: I know you.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I don't know.
Speaker C: I don't know if it's handy.
Speaker D: I think it will only look more like the old remote controls.
Speaker C: This?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The old ones look like just a square thing.
Speaker D: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: But I had a lot of pictures.
Speaker D: Oh, I can show you here.
Speaker D: What the old ones look like.
None: Mm.
Speaker D: Curves, curves.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Even more than there as well.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: This wasn't a very small one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: If you go very simple.
Speaker B: So we have to make a decision what kind of form it's going to have.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I think if, in my opinion, if we just take the iPod and the same look.
Speaker D: So light or just whatever color but the same light color.
Speaker D: And just together with the back lights, we'll look very new.
Speaker D: No rubber buttons or something.
Speaker D: Just together with the black lights, you'll get a totally new look.
Speaker D: More like the MP3 player.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: And you have to scroll button and side.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Why do we have to round it on the bottom then?
Speaker B: Skip that one as well.
Speaker D: Doesn't have to be?
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, it's cool.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a trend if we want to make it.
Speaker C: But yeah, I'm not a trend watcher.
Speaker C: You are.
Speaker E: So the trend is?
Speaker B: The point G.
Speaker B: Spongy and fruity.
Speaker E: But yeah.
Speaker E: Spongebob.
Speaker E: It's not a lot of friends I find.
Speaker B: Okay, so we have still one minute left.
Speaker B: I think it's okay if you just give it a bit square.
None: Okay.
Speaker C: I don't know something about ergonomic kind of fits in hand.
Speaker B: But I think it's still for older people.
Speaker B: You still have older people.
Speaker B: It's only annoying if it's like that form like that.
Speaker B: Like whatever.
Speaker B: There is one.
Speaker B: Yeah, but we're aiming at the young.
Speaker E: Which is one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original.
Speaker E: And I hope we can make it look not like the iPod itself.
Speaker E: It must have an idea.
Speaker D: But if you look at the way remote controls are now.
Speaker D: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker B: But it is already fancy because it's a light on the bottom of it.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay.
Speaker B: So that's already a very big change.
Speaker B: Maybe make the, what's it called?
Speaker B: Scroll wheel, make it in yellow or something.
Speaker B: Just like the corners of real reaction.
Speaker D: Yeah, yeah.
Speaker E: Well, now we could do that.
Speaker E: Could.
Speaker E: Yeah, but if you change the front, the scroll wheel will still be yellow.
Speaker D: Yeah, I think that's right.
Speaker D: The scroll wheel won't be very big since if you put it somewhere and chances that it will scroll are too big.
Speaker D: So it will just be a small, small scroll wheel.
Speaker D: So it won't stick out much.
Speaker B: Yeah, maybe the ones who are going to draw there, maybe have to ask to her if it can work better than this because it doesn't work properly.
Speaker B: No, maybe it's all sure.
Speaker D: Maybe you can just open images there and I'll paint and paint.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah, it'll do a very good job.
Speaker E: If you set it down, he will draw here.
Speaker E: It doesn't work.
Speaker B: Okay, so just finish it.
Speaker B: So we make it a bit like that one probably.
Speaker B: Yeah, is that okay?
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll see.
Speaker B: Yeah, I agree more.
Speaker B: Okay, only the color and the flashy light.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: We just skipped the photo or the speech recognition.
Speaker D: Yeah, do we skip that?
Speaker D: Yeah, I think.
Speaker B: Or keep that?
Speaker B: Okay, but you definitely need a.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker C: We have to build in a microphone and.
Speaker C: Well, that's very easy.
Speaker D: We already have the beeping of the.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know anything about that.
Speaker C: I didn't receive any information on speech recognition.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's hard.
Speaker E: The information about that.
Speaker E: The main points I just said, do you have to be original in technological, innovative?
Speaker E: Go, yeah.
Speaker B: Just put a speech recognition in it as well, okay?
Speaker D: So we clap it open then?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So we can put all the.
Speaker B: I think she'll have that in there.
Speaker B: And we need a.
Speaker B: Probably we need a.
Speaker B: At phones chip then.
Speaker C: Yeah, we probably do.
Speaker C: But it doesn't say anything about it, does it?
Speaker C: No.
Speaker E: We don't have any information about the cost.
Speaker E: No.
Speaker E: We started with information about.
Speaker C: I just received.
Speaker C: I have some information about the cost, but just about the chip.
Speaker E: And how much is the chip?
Speaker C: I don't know how much.
Speaker C: You are the business.
Speaker C: Just something new.
Speaker C: Expense information.
Speaker D: The integrated program, simple, simple, speaker unit.
Speaker D: This is a very small electronic unit.
Speaker D: We'll give a standard answer after it recognizes the question.
Speaker E: How does it work?
Speaker D: It doesn't say.
Speaker D: You say record followed by your question sample and after a few seconds the answer is simple.
Speaker D: The question.
Speaker D: So it works like good morning remote control and then remote control says good morning.
Speaker B: Does that say anything?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Does it say something bad?
Speaker B: Okay, we have to stop it now.
Speaker D: Well, that's integrated into chips.
Speaker D: So if you use speech recognition.
Speaker D: That's a separate chip.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: But if you use speech recognition that will be in it as well.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know anything about this.
Speaker B: We just decide not to put it in because it's too difficult.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: It would be a good feature.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, we just put it in.
Speaker D: No worries about the cost, etc.
Speaker E: Okay, just stop it.
None: Okay, fine.
None: 30 minutes?
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Ciao.
Speaker E: Okay.
None: Ciao.
Speaker C: Hello?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah, I should make it on.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, good thanks.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Coffee.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
