None: I'm assuming.
None: Okay, let's use my, state onwards the input.
None: The statue is black, just bling.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, let's start.
Speaker B: What are you doing?
None: Up.
None: Ah, pinball.
Speaker A: Okay.
None: We're not doing.
Speaker B: I have my screen back too.
Speaker B: Very good.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We have presentations.
Speaker B: So, first, it's your turn.
Speaker B: Mine.
Speaker B: Yeah, great.
Speaker B: It's amazing.
Speaker D: Very interesting.
Speaker B: Industrial designer interface concept.
Speaker E: Yes, well, let's talk about the interface concept.
Speaker E: First, I'll discuss the buttons.
Speaker E: We just show you some samples, discuss some colors and design, maybe, already, and my personal preferences.
Speaker E: Well, we chose the power button to switch the television on and off, the mute button, to switch the volume on and off.
Speaker E: The channel buttons, one to nine, and zero to nine, and the button to choose higher channels than nine.
Speaker E: The volume and channel quadrant left and right, up and down arrows to the volume and channel.
Speaker E: And the menu button to manipulate the LCD display.
Speaker E: I found some interesting samples.
Speaker E: Well, what's pretty standard is that they're all pretty high.
Speaker E: Large, yeah, large, and pretty thin and long.
Speaker E: Power buttons are mostly at the top, left or right.
Speaker E: We see the same arrows, like there.
Speaker E: Yeah, well, arrow buttons can be blue.
Speaker E: And what's interesting is the icons on the buttons.
Speaker E: Some buttons have icons, like the play and stop, but we don't use that.
Speaker E: We have to choose the right icons or letters.
Speaker E: This is the V for volume, but they're both a V.
Speaker E: So it's not very clear what's the function of that.
Speaker E: Yeah, so that's...
Speaker B: Can you go back one page?
Speaker B: For the menu, what do we use for that?
Speaker B: We don't have buttons for the menu.
Speaker B: Or we have to use the volume and channel quadrant.
Speaker E: Yeah, I thought that was our idea.
Speaker E: Okay, so...
Speaker B: You have to put it on the...
Speaker E: Like this, or this.
Speaker E: That the menu button is okay.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it's to be clear that you can use the arrows.
Speaker E: Yeah, okay.
Speaker E: So the icons on the arrows as well.
Speaker E: Yeah, it's a second one.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Well, that's something to think about.
Speaker A: Okay, maybe I'll have something in my presentation.
Speaker E: Okay, I can see it.
Speaker E: Well, I don't know if we have to discuss this already or in the next meeting, but as we have to design the case and the whole remote control in our corporate company colors and logo, I would recommend the yellow case around the edges, the logo at the bottom.
Speaker E: And, well, maybe it's a set of buttons as its own color, so it's good recognizable.
Speaker E: So, I think...
Speaker E: Not too much colors.
Speaker E: No, not too much, but not flower power.
Speaker E: No, no, no, but it has to be trendy and...
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Yeah, so good icons on the buttons and big buttons is my personal opinion.
None: Okay.
Speaker B: That was that.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker B: So, you're next.
Speaker B: I'm next, okay.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: Here we go.
Speaker A: First, we will say something about what younger people want, our group, we want to sell our remote control soon.
Speaker A: And then I'll discuss what my opinion is about the costs, about what battery is in it, what kind of buttons also.
Speaker A: First, the younger people, they want like soft materials and primary colors, like totally yellow, totally red.
Speaker A: So, it's visible.
Speaker A: The shapes are curved and round, like you also said.
Speaker A: Maybe it's nice to get remote control, not like all the other ones, straight and flat and long, but to give him a shape of your hand so it's easier to use or something like that.
Speaker A: But that's just an idea.
Speaker A: And then I'll have to discuss about the costs of all the things for the remote control.
Speaker A: The battery, there are a few options.
Speaker A: I think the best option is to use the basic battery so everybody can buy it at the supermarket.
Speaker A: Or use a kinetic battery, like within a watch, when you shake it a few times, it's loaded.
Speaker A: The form of the remote control, I think it's also nice to have it curved and maybe like it's hand shaped.
Speaker A: So, you take it here in your hand and here are the buttons.
Speaker A: Material, you use plastic, hard plastic, because it won't have to burst in one time.
Speaker A: And also rubber, because the younger people like that, what we see in the research.
Speaker A: The push buttons, we have one new thing discovered.
Speaker A: It's a scroll push thing like a mouse.
Speaker A: Maybe it's easy to use for the channels.
Speaker A: When you want to go move up, you just scroll up and click on the button if you want to see the next channel.
Speaker A: And also for the mouse, for the volume, it's also easy to use.
Speaker A: Just scroll a bit up, scroll a bit down.
Speaker A: And that's also easy, just when you have a thing like this and you get it here.
Speaker A: You can do it with your thumb.
Speaker A: If you're left hand, you can push the buttons, if you push channel one, you can see channel one.
Speaker A: The electrics with scroll push button, we must use regular chips.
Speaker A: There are also simple chips, they are cheaper.
Speaker A: But then we have just a basic remote control.
Speaker A: And I think there are a lot of those things and people won't buy it anymore.
Speaker A: They have seen enough of it.
Speaker A: And you have also advanced chips, but that's with the LCD screen.
Speaker A: And the costs will increase a lot more.
Speaker A: And I think our budget is too low to use an LCD and the chip is more expensive.
Speaker A: And maybe it's also thoughtful if we use different kind of shapes for the remote control that we then use the primary colors.
Speaker A: Like you get a yellow remote control, red one, blue one, etc.
Speaker A: You have any more questions about this?
Speaker A: I think the main thing is when you look at the costs and not the basic remote control, everybody already has.
Speaker D: This is with an LCD?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker A: Not with an LCD.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: There's this easy when you use the scroll buttons.
Speaker B: You can scroll, you see what number, then you push.
Speaker A: But then what I say, the costs will get a lot higher.
Speaker B: But then it's not easy to use scroll, will.
Speaker A: Then you'll see it on the television.
Speaker B: Yes, but then you go one down one up.
Speaker A: Yeah, but when you see a menu on the television, it's like you see one to twenty, you go scroll up.
Speaker B: Like we said before, it has to be used on every television.
Speaker B: So you may not be the television misduded.
Speaker A: I think the younger people will have newer televisions which can provide our remote control.
Speaker B: Younger people have them on their room.
Speaker B: And mostly they are smaller.
Speaker A: Yes, so, but that will be a problem.
Speaker B: I think most of the times that are not as fun as televisions.
Speaker A: But then we'll get to the regular remote controls and I think what I said, everybody has them already.
Speaker A: And they go to a supermarket and buy them for two euros and get the most cheapest thing.
Speaker A: And I think we must look further to develop something new.
Speaker D: Can you give an indication in the cost difference between the chip with LCD or without?
Speaker A: I got it on the screen and it was higher, but I don't know how much higher.
Speaker D: I think if we have an LCD, it will also sell a lot better.
Speaker A: That's true.
Speaker D: And that might bring back the cost.
Speaker A: But then we'll, I think, we must discuss what will be better if we have a better shape of the remote control or better options on it.
Speaker A: With a scroll menu, a scroll thing and an LCD and then a flat remote control or a more hand-shaped remote control.
Speaker A: With a scroll without LCD.
Speaker B: Maybe you can look how much it is.
Speaker B: I can look on my LCD.
Speaker B: Very important.
Speaker F: There we go.
Speaker A: Now that the push button requires a simple chip, a scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range.
Speaker A: The display requires a advance chip, which in turn is more expensive than a regular chip.
Speaker B: More expensive, but how much?
Speaker A: That's from my manufacturing.
Speaker A: Deficient.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, thank you.
Speaker D: So, so my presentation is about trend watching.
Speaker D: I did some trend watching. It's very important to keep up with latest trends, because if you don't, you won't sell.
Speaker D: So, well, I will do that.
Speaker D: Well, we made an investigation of the market by trend watches.
Speaker D: They watch it in cities like Paris and Milan, of course well known for their trend.
Speaker D: And well, what did you find?
Speaker D: We have two groups, young and 20, and the old and rich, and young and 20.
Speaker D: They starting to like food and vegetables as a team for clothes, shoes, and also products.
Speaker D: And material, the chute feel as a pointy feeling.
Speaker D: And you get a feeling for what this is, and with an image of it.
Speaker D: Then the old and rich, they like dark colors and simple, nice blue shapes.
Speaker D: And they also like familiar material, especially wood.
Speaker D: Another picture.
Speaker D: You get a feeling for this.
Speaker D: Well, then already come to my personal preferences.
Speaker D: We aim at the younger market, so we should also be a look at their trends.
Speaker D: However, with trends, it's always, it's now, in my last one year, and next year, it can be totally different.
Speaker D: And I think we want to sell our products for longer than one year.
Speaker D: So, we must not just only look at the product trend is now, as it might be totally different next year.
Speaker D: So, that's one thing to keep in mind.
Speaker F: Changing covers.
Speaker D: Any questions?
Speaker D: No.
Speaker B: No.
None: It's clear.
Speaker B: So, no.
Speaker B: Now, we have to decide.
Speaker B: Well, we have to decide on the concepts.
Speaker B: So, we have to look at the next components, and use the interface concept.
Speaker B: Now, we have to make some concepts. Maybe one of you can paint it on the board.
Speaker B: First, use the interface.
Speaker A: How we make it?
Speaker B: Yes, a concept.
Speaker A: Sure, we first discuss about what...
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well...
Speaker B: Something like this, or shapes, or what do we need?
Speaker C: Can make some concepts.
Speaker B: Yes, okay.
Speaker D: We have to have some idea in shape of your end.
Speaker A: More like something.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I can't draw with.
Speaker A: I have to.
Speaker A: I'm not a designer.
Speaker A: I have 3D like...
Speaker A: This is the remote control.
Speaker A: And then you'll have something like this under it.
Speaker A: So, it's easier to get it like this.
Speaker B: It's like a gun.
Speaker B: So, that's to be soft.
Speaker A: And it has to be soft, yeah.
Speaker A: So, you can squeeze in buttons.
Speaker A: Sorry?
Speaker A: Buttons.
Speaker A: Buttons on top of it.
Speaker A: And here, the scrolling.
Speaker A: You can do it with your thumb.
Speaker E: But that's the only scroll button on it.
Speaker A: Now, we use one scroll button, and the other one is here, one till...
Speaker A: Zero till nine.
Speaker B: Okay, but one for the sound and one for the channel.
Speaker A: Or two buttons.
Speaker A: Okay, if you go to...
Speaker A: If we use one, then we'll have just switch on it.
Speaker A: You'll just switch it.
Speaker A: And now it's the sound switch back.
Speaker D: It's more difficult.
Speaker D: If you have a menu, how do we use other options?
Speaker A: With the menu button.
Speaker A: And then you also can scroll in it.
Speaker A: But like all the other ones with this thing and here and arrow, here and arrow, here and arrow, here and arrow.
Speaker A: Because from 100 remote controls, 99 half it.
Speaker B: But if we don't have LCD, we don't have a menu.
Speaker A: Then we have it on the TV menu.
Speaker B: But again, maybe...
Speaker B: How do we know that TV can handle it?
Speaker B: You don't know.
Speaker B: So there's no menu.
Speaker A: It's like some sort of a teletext option, but we don't have teletext.
Speaker B: Well, you can't use it.
Speaker A: And if we put an LCD thing on it, then the costs will paint much higher.
Speaker B: Okay, we make two concepts.
Speaker B: One with LCD, one without LCD.
None: Okay.
Speaker A: But you all like this kind of thing.
Speaker B: Good concept.
Speaker A: With the scroll button.
Speaker A: And this one has to be soft.
Speaker A: And this has to be harder because when it falls, it must not burst.
Speaker A: Or some kind of rubber around it.
Speaker E: One, two.
Speaker E: Number two.
Speaker E: You can make the power button as a trigger.
Speaker E: That's nice.
Speaker A: Trigger.
Speaker F: No.
Speaker B: It's one way or two.
Speaker B: I put it on and off.
Speaker B: Not good to use.
Speaker E: Right.
Speaker E: Yeah, but...
Speaker B: How's that?
Speaker B: Fucking out.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, it's not good.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: No, second concept.
Speaker B: One with LCD, one without LCD.
Speaker B: Then a...
Speaker B: Paint it.
Speaker B: Paint it.
Speaker A: With the scroll thing on...
Speaker B: One with two scroll buttons and one without...
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: One without...
Speaker B: With a menu and one without a menu.
Speaker B: And one with...
Speaker B: With a menu as an LCD.
Speaker B: Draw it.
Speaker B: Unbelievable.
Speaker B: Do I have to do everything?
Speaker B: Blank.
Speaker B: I have...
None: Not so difficult.
None: But if you push the menu button...
None: Or this menu...
None: Yeah, they have the LCD screen.
Speaker B: Yes, but you don't know which of the...
Speaker E: It's called buttons you have to choose.
Speaker B: You have to...
Speaker B: For the menu.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker E: Mm-hmm.
Speaker B: One...
Speaker B: That way and one...
Speaker B: That way.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Then it depends on the coast.
Speaker B: On and off.
Speaker A: But is it easy to use when you're on your left side?
Speaker B: When it's not too big.
Speaker B: Just like a phone.
Speaker D: Maybe it's better if the scroll wheels are...
Speaker D: Separate, more separated.
Speaker D: Like you have the menu built in between the...
Speaker A: Yeah, on the left...
Speaker A: The scroll button and on the right the scroll button.
Speaker A: But what it would be easy to use then, if it's like...
Speaker A: You have a big...
Speaker B: It's better.
Speaker B: When you are on the menu you have to go...
Speaker A: I also think this concept is not what the young people were looking for.
Speaker A: They were like round curves.
Speaker B: Yeah, okay. That's the outside.
Speaker B: But now the first buttons.
Speaker D: You have now two buttons missing the mute button.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: You have to use missing the mute button and...
Speaker D: You have to...
Speaker B: Mute and the other.
Speaker B: Not so difficult.
Speaker A: Personally I think two scroll buttons aren't easy to handle.
Speaker B: But how do you want to solve it?
Speaker A: With the switch button.
Speaker B: Yeah, but in the menu that's not easy.
Speaker B: No, like down.
Speaker B: You switch, you go into the right, you switch, you go down.
Speaker A: All you mean like that?
Speaker A: Then you can also have like...
Speaker B: Joystick.
Speaker A: Yeah, and joystick thing.
Speaker B: But this is just a break.
Speaker B: Joystick.
Speaker B: Or a small one just like in a laptop.
Speaker A: Like in a laptop.
Speaker A: Some sort of thing.
Speaker A: A little bit bigger.
Speaker B: I mean it's better.
Speaker B: But how expensive is it?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker B: Why do I pay for it?
Speaker B: Well...
Speaker B: Better, I'd ease.
Speaker A: Or no scroll.
Speaker A: I think it's just a shape.
Speaker A: And...
Speaker B: Young people's I think scroll buttons good.
Speaker B: So, I think we have to keep them.
Speaker A: Or a remote control more like joystick.
Speaker B: Yeah, that's not expensive then that joystick is better.
Speaker B: A small one.
Speaker A: Like this like in a Nintendo.
Speaker B: No, just like in a playstation thing.
Speaker B: A laptop.
Speaker B: Small round.
Speaker B: Then it's not so big.
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker A: I mean the shape of the remote control.
Speaker A: It's like a playstation.
Speaker B: Then you can...
Speaker B: You have to use it with one hand.
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: So, maybe if it's possible, it's not too expensive.
Speaker B: I think joystick is better.
Speaker B: A small one.
Speaker B: So, please look at it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: And on the LCD, how much it's got?
Speaker C: It's close to extra.
Speaker A: They're not in details.
Speaker A: It's more expensive or less expensive.
Speaker B: I think you get it.
Speaker B: So, after this meeting you have half an hour to fix it.
Speaker A: And after going with it.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker A: I got my personal cash.
Speaker A: I don't know the costs.
Speaker B: You're a problem.
Speaker B: I'm not mine.
Speaker A: And I'll make something up.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, do we have other concepts?
Speaker B: Then for the component, we use a normal battery.
Speaker B: Then, yeah.
Speaker A: Or the kinetic.
Speaker A: No, no battery.
Speaker B: I think it's more expensive.
Speaker B: So, we use a normal battery.
None: Yeah.
Speaker B: Chip depends on the LCD.
Speaker A: It depends on the scroll.
Speaker A: If we use a scroll, then we have the regular chip.
Speaker A: If we don't use a scroll, then we can use the simple chip.
Speaker B: And if you use the LCD, we have the most expensive.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker B: So, it depends on the screen.
Speaker A: If we...
Speaker A: Now, okay, scroll, we also have this.
Speaker A: So, it will be the advanced chip or the regular chip.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: So, the shapes of the design.
Speaker B: It depends on the LCD.
Speaker B: But it has to be small.
Speaker A: I think...
Speaker A: Or shall we just put it on the pistol thing and then just put also LCD on it?
Speaker B: If you have pistol, and LCD is not easy.
Speaker A: You should use your thumb.
Speaker A: Yeah, but if you use your thumb.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: I use my thumb.
Speaker B: But then you have it.
Speaker B: If you have pistol, you have to sell.
Speaker B: And the screen is...
Speaker B: If you have a joystick on...
Speaker B: Keep it this way to look at the screen.
Speaker A: If you have like a...
Speaker A: A PlayStation game controller.
Speaker A: And you move up, forward, down, left.
Speaker A: Then you have just a little bit curved.
Speaker A: It's not just a...
Speaker A: No, no, no.
Speaker A: That's how we're using.
Speaker A: That's why they make joysticks like that.
Speaker A: I think...
Speaker B: Yeah, but then you look forward and then you can...
Speaker F: Yeah.
Speaker B: Now, if you have to look at it...
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker A: You know how to design it.
Speaker D: We have something standing here with the LCD.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Then it goes like this.
Speaker A: No, why not?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: It's for the younger people.
Speaker A: Yes, of course.
Speaker B: It's something new.
Speaker B: That's good.
Speaker B: It may not break.
Speaker A: Then we put rubber around it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Is this possible?
Speaker A: Hard plastic, the shape, and around it, around it's rubber, and the hand shape is also rubber.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker E: Or you can turn it inside.
Speaker D: But the each of...
Speaker D: The each of you wasn't the most important aspect of it.
Speaker E: No, that's true.
Speaker D: For which it's about to sell it.
Speaker B: This is something new.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Then this is the design and the buttons are on the next page.
Speaker B: So it depends on the cost.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Close it, okay.
Speaker B: We have one minute.
Speaker B: One.
Speaker B: I think.
Speaker B: No, more.
Speaker B: More.
Speaker B: Seven.
None: Still 10.
Speaker B: Next meeting.
Speaker B: Thirty minutes.
Speaker B: So, very up.
Speaker B: Ah, that's us together.
Speaker B: You two stay here.
Speaker B: Pained it.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Now you have to.
None: So...
Speaker B: I think it's clear.
Speaker B: Check your mail.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Yes, it has to be ready.
Speaker B: Next meeting.
Speaker B: So, cooking.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Next meeting is called the detailed design.
Speaker B: So...
Speaker B: Everything has to be ready.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Thanks for your attention.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Thirty-five.
Speaker D: Three over the next meeting.
Speaker D: All right.
None: Five minutes to finish.
None: Couple now.
None: Oh, there's two batteries in the laptop.
None: Two?
None: Nice.
None: Five seconds.
Speaker A: Both in front, I think.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker F: Hmm?
Speaker F: Yeah.
None: Okay.
None: I'll leave.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
None: Good luck.
None: I think you're right.
None: The little key.
None: Note.
Speaker B: Done.
None: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
None: Okay.
None: I don't know, I don't know.
None: Safe.
None: No.
None: In this room, big English...
None: That's naughty.
None: We speak some sort of de-elect.
None: Okay, it's got Dutch.
Speaker B: It has to be ready, in thirty minutes.
Speaker B: See you for play.
None: All right.
Speaker F: Oh.
Speaker B: Anyway, you bet please.
