Speaker D: I just forgot their names.
Speaker D: So you're sorry, you just forgot them all.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So do you know them or?
Speaker E: The names.
None: Yeah.
Speaker E: For for master.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: I know.
Speaker D: But do you know your name?
Speaker E: Oh, dumb one.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: And what's your name?
Speaker D: Paul.
Speaker D: W-I-E-S.
Speaker D: Z.
Speaker D: Z.
Speaker D: E-R.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: What's your name?
Speaker C: Martine.
Speaker C: Yeah, but just your name.
Speaker C: What?
Speaker C: Just your name.
Speaker C: Uh, I'll be, uh, baby.
Speaker C: E-F-A.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: I was a little short on time.
Speaker C: Yeah, me too.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Same.
Speaker D: No, no, no, no, just for first my...
Speaker D: Oh, sorry.
Speaker B: Oh, let's see what you put in here.
Speaker D: So, let's have a look.
Speaker D: We have 40 minutes on it.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I can't...
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Perfect.
Speaker D: So, we have...
Speaker D: Oh, we'll see.
Speaker D: So, so we have 40 minutes for this, uh, for this second meeting.
Speaker D: And we have to make, uh, sure that we're going...
Speaker D: that we are...
Speaker D: that we are...
Speaker D: that we know where they're going to make, uh, what the product is going to, like, look like.
Speaker D: Uh, first I have to note of the last meeting, so I show them to you.
Speaker D: No, sorry.
Speaker D: I'll just escape this one.
Speaker D: How do I escape this?
None: What?
Speaker D: How do I escape this?
Speaker D: This is the presentation.
Speaker D: Uh, oh, let's see.
Speaker D: And show, sorry.
Speaker D: Okay, so...
Speaker D: have a look at this one.
Speaker D: Okay, so the points we had last meeting was, um, should be a universal remote control.
Speaker D: Now that I just got an email from the...
Speaker D: from the personal coach, and it should be a TV remote control only.
Speaker D: So, have you changed that part?
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: Um, so, yeah, it still has to be, uh, a remote control for kids and all of that.
Speaker D: It's still the same.
Speaker D: Um...
Speaker D: Now these points, we have to...
Speaker D: look at, you all know them.
Speaker D: But, uh, there's another point, um, uh, the main, uh, people of interest of this company are 40 plus people, so they're old and not younger people.
Speaker D: You have to look at that as well.
Speaker D: Especially old people, maybe bigger buttons or something like that.
Speaker D: Yeah, okay.
None: So...
Speaker D: So, yeah, that's it.
Speaker D: So, you can do your presentation for...
Speaker E: Which one?
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: Oh, it doesn't matter.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Uh, thanks for all the time.
None: Okay.
Speaker E: Well, my name is Jens Doman, but we're in group.
Speaker E: I will start it.
None: Wait.
Speaker E: Um, I've...
Speaker E: I used a marketing report on the site.
Speaker E: Uh, I think you've read it too.
Speaker E: Uh, and, uh, I'm very more, I served as in the other side.
Speaker D: I didn't read it, so it's not for me.
Speaker D: I didn't get it.
Speaker D: Oh, okay, I was the only one who got it.
Speaker E: Okay, it was, uh, um...
Speaker E: A report about an experiment with a lot of users, and they had a lot of findings in their report with statistical, uh, uh, I think, uh, with statistical proof.
Speaker E: So, I, um, I had three pages with findings, and a lot of, a lot of findings, so we can use this to create our own remote control.
Speaker E: Uh, 75% of the users find, uh, most remote controls ugly.
Speaker E: Yeah, I think, uh, that's a lot, so we have to make a beautiful remote control.
Speaker E: Uh, 80% of the users will spend more money when, uh, a remote control will, uh, look fancy.
Speaker E: I think this fits, uh, at the, uh, what, what Michil said about older people.
Speaker E: Older people will, uh, spend more money, uh, for, uh, something, uh, what's good, because younger people are more critical, uh, about, uh, where they spend their money, money at.
Speaker E: Uh, 75% of the users said they zap a lot.
Speaker E: Well, okay. That's, uh, normal, I think.
Speaker E: Uh, we have to make good zap buttons, but this one of our requirements...
Speaker E: The last point is quite interesting.
Speaker E: Yeah, 50% of users say they only use 10% of the buttons.
Speaker E: Uh, but, uh, my channel already said it.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: And, uh, maybe our, uh, full open system is, is a good one, but I don't think it's, uh...
Speaker D: Yeah, we should have the 10% on the, on the top.
Speaker D: Then you're...
Speaker D: Yeah, the 10% on the top.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's a good one.
Speaker E: Uh, uh, page two, remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room.
Speaker E: That's exactly what we said about, uh, maybe a home station for, uh, for it, uh, to, uh, recharge the batteries or something.
Speaker E: Uh, I thought more, maybe we could make, uh, a clap system, so when you...
Speaker E: Clap your hands, it will beep or something.
Speaker E: Uh, you must find it, uh, quickly.
Speaker B: Maybe just a button on the home station, so...
Speaker B: Remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station.
Speaker E: Okay, yeah.
Speaker E: And we can combine that.
Speaker E: Uh, it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control.
Speaker E: Uh, I think we must, uh, take a look at this.
Speaker E: It's only, uh, 34... of, uh, 34% but it's, uh, a tough one.
Speaker E: Because if we make a whole new product or own style, we...
Speaker E: Uh, this is our difficult, uh, uh, difficulty, I think.
Speaker E: Uh, next, remote controls are bad for Air Z.
Speaker E: Yeah, but only if they zap a lot and they watch over five hours TV or something.
Speaker E: I don't... we haven't, uh, we mustn't look too much at the last point.
Speaker E: Okay, last page.
Speaker E: Uh, the last, uh, experiment, uh, was about gadgets, like, uh, speech recognition.
Speaker E: We didn't, uh, think about that already.
Speaker E: And, uh, an LCD on the remote control.
Speaker E: We already thought about that.
Speaker E: Uh, uh, they finally had a conclusion that younger people, uh, uh, under an age of 45 are more interested in new features.
Speaker E: And, but they are more critical.
Speaker E: And older people want to spend more money.
Speaker E: But, uh, they, uh, they don't want to, uh, have a lot of new features because they're in their old, uh, thinking way.
Speaker E: And they want to keep the old, uh, things, the old things.
Speaker E: I mean, I think.
Speaker D: So we have a new, uh, a new...
Speaker E: But you already said that the company was about, uh, 40 plus, uh, clients.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: So we just can skip the LCD on the remote control.
Speaker E: I think we can speak, uh, we can skip speech recognition, uh, directly because it's not reachable for 25 euros.
Speaker E: Um, then I have my personal, uh, preference.
Speaker E: Okay, that's, uh, not very good because I talked about telephishing, the D-place area and PCR, uh, the question about, but it's already out of the question.
Speaker E: Um, my point is, well, uh, if we may, uh, make, uh, remote, uh, control for only telephishing, I think it's hard to, uh, sell it for 25 euros, but it's the exercise.
Speaker D: And because it's too expensive.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Only, only for telephishing, uh, on the market you can now buy for 20 euros, so remote control for everything.
Speaker E: And we only make it for telephishing, so we might be, uh, must make it, make it, uh, very special.
Speaker E: Yeah, but it's a good usability.
Speaker B: So you can use it.
Speaker E: Okay, I talked about the home station.
Speaker E: Uh, it must be simple because, uh, the, the elderly people needs to use it.
Speaker E: And I found a motto and we put the fashion in electronics.
Speaker E: And that's, uh, the motto we are, uh, referenced to, uh, for our, uh, our style.
Speaker E: We, we have to make, uh, a new product.
Speaker E: We have to be, um, yeah.
Speaker E: One of a kind.
Speaker E: So it has to look, uh, you know, the companies about our, uh, their own fashion, their own
Speaker D: style. But all people are not looking for that.
Speaker B: Oh, I think not really.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think the main thing is usability.
Speaker C: That's when we can, uh, make it a special product.
Speaker C: Keep it simple.
Speaker B: We also have to stand out because there are already, like you said, so many controls out that support a lot of stuff.
Speaker B: But we have to make sure that we're better in usability and stand out by just the looks of it.
Speaker B: So make it just a different color or a different shape.
Speaker B: So, okay.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: This was my presentation.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: I don't know.
Speaker D: So Paul, you can do the next one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: It's on the, on the, uh, net, net, uh, thing.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Technical functions design.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Well, so we have, uh, broad audience.
Speaker B: That isn't true anymore, but, um, we have elderly people, so we need to keep it simple.
Speaker B: Uh, the way I want to keep it simple is to use the send, uh, standards.
Speaker B: So, uh, standardize the methods, like, uh, on all, uh, remote controls.
Speaker B: Not too full, like, uh, you already said, only 10% is being used.
Speaker D: So what do you think of only the numbers and the on off button?
Speaker B: Yeah, I have some, uh, the next page, but yes, uh, basic functions like numbers and that's sort of stuff.
Speaker B: Um, so the option is that we put on there should be easy to use and cause you have more room and for elderly people, big buttons, uh, an icon on it or text on it, so it's very clear what that button does.
Speaker B: So it doesn't take much time to figure out how to use it.
Speaker B: Um, a way to find out, uh, what people use.
Speaker B: So maybe just use, uh, questionnaires on the internet or just ask some random people, elderly people what they use, what they want on, uh, remote control to find out that there was already in a one done, well, uh, functions I could think of, uh, volume, channels, the basic, I call it the numpath, just one, two, three, et cetera.
Speaker B: Uh, text service options, um, basic on off and I found in, uh, could I think of favorites?
Speaker B: I always look up the same, um, pages on text and I always have to click the number.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: But if you could make a new option that you just have to press one button and you get on your...
Speaker C: Yeah, but then you have to remember what favorite is what channel, so you might as well remember the number.
Speaker C: Or not.
Speaker D: No, maybe it's too complicated, I'm not sure.
Speaker B: Well, it's a good idea.
Speaker B: It was just a thought, so I'm, I would find it handy, I think, when you just press one button and you get on six, six, six.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay, but, um, how can you remember what, uh, channel, uh, connects to what favorite
Speaker B: button. Uh, but I was reading on the page, uh, a writing field just sends commands, basic commands to, uh, the television.
Speaker B: So switch to channel six.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So a button six says six, and if you make favorites, it can say six, six, six in a row.
Speaker B: Just numbers.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay, but for a user to, to remember, if I press that button, it goes to that channel.
Speaker B: Well, if you set a favorite.
Speaker C: Yeah, but isn't it hard to remember?
Speaker C: Like favorite one and...
Speaker D: Uh, maybe, for me, if I use my telephone, I never use those buttons to, to, to caution.
Speaker D: No, no, neither do I.
Speaker B: So, and...
Speaker B: Okay, now, maybe not.
Speaker D: If I don't do it, maybe old people...
Speaker B: Nah, maybe old people.
Speaker B: Yeah, I know.
Speaker B: They don't like new features, so maybe not.
Speaker B: Um, well, play pause.
Speaker B: I don't know if it's usable.
Speaker B: It's not, it's still not, it's not anymore.
Speaker B: Not anymore for TV.
Speaker B: Right, on and off.
Speaker B: I don't know, did I miss any other buttons?
Speaker B: Basic buttons?
Speaker B: I couldn't think of any other, especially not for TV.
Speaker D: Just on the front as well.
Speaker D: No, that's the only thing you need.
Speaker C: The next and previous, previous I know, but next channel?
Speaker B: Just a channel, um, what I mean is that...
Speaker B: Like a web browser?
Speaker C: Oh, okay.
Speaker C: Just a channel.
Speaker C: Um, there's also a button to, uh, go to the channel you've been before.
Speaker C: Like a web browser back button.
Speaker B: Um, I don't have...
Speaker D: I know what it is, but I think it's ultra difficult for me.
Speaker B: Yeah, I don't think you use that.
Speaker B: Only when you want to go to, yeah, just use, uh, when you want to switch between channels all the time.
Speaker D: Yeah, you want to, uh, do it like if you have a channel above 10, normally you can press 1, 0, or...
Speaker B: Yeah, I think, um, especially for older people, use standard buttons, so you have that, uh...
Speaker D: The 10 plus, or...
Speaker B: Yeah, the 10 plus button.
Speaker B: Just, uh, 1-1 pressing, or quickly after each other.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker B: Just to keep it simple, and standard features.
Speaker C: Yeah, wouldn't it be a problem to, uh, because you have to be fast enough.
Speaker C: Maybe the elderly people.
Speaker C: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: But I think that's in the TV as well.
Speaker B: That's how the TV handles it.
Speaker B: But you can have a button that says, um...
Speaker B: Yeah, it's not, it's not the...
Speaker B: It's not the...
Speaker B: So you have, like, uh...
Speaker B: Yeah, but just...
Speaker B: It's a very, uh, to press those two buttons.
Speaker E: And what Paul says, it's not remote control.
Speaker E: Uh, that, um, that makes the TV, um, do 1-2, it's the TV.
Speaker E: It depends.
Speaker E: That it must be 2 seconds or 3 seconds or 1 seconds that you must type 1.
Speaker B: So if you have a universal TV controller, you need that 1 button that has 2, uh, stripes.
Speaker B: Yeah, so you have a period of, I don't know, 5 seconds to press those buttons.
Speaker B: And that, not for elderly people to look 1, 2, press and aim and...
Speaker D: But do we still need the 2 level remote control?
Speaker D: Because if you only have that...
Speaker D: It's only for television now.
Speaker B: So I don't think so.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: Uh, I just thought of another one.
Speaker B: Most things in modern TVs are also on the menu.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So you also need a menu button.
Speaker B: And then, uh, navigation.
Speaker B: Uh, but we can integrate that with...
Speaker B: We can integrate that with volume and previous and next.
Speaker B: So we have...
Speaker C: I think you really have to divide between functions you often use.
Speaker C: Like, um, uh, maybe, uh, switch channels and, uh, volume and get that kind of things.
Speaker C: And, uh, the menu button.
Speaker C: Because you almost never use menu button.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker B: Uh...
Speaker D: Maybe it's still a good idea.
Speaker D: I'm not sure.
Speaker D: You also have to use a mute button to...
Speaker D: Yeah, mute button.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker D: I don't know where you have to put it.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, that's...
Speaker B: I think that's the latest step.
Speaker B: You just now have to figure out what to put on.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: And later we can do the design.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: Uh, now my personal preference is using the standards basic.
Speaker B: Um, I think that we should stand out, uh, unique...
Speaker B: being unique with the design.
Speaker B: So we have to, I don't know, uh, make a different shape than you as well.
Speaker B: So when you are in the shop and you see our TV controller hanging, that it stands out not just in a row and you see all the same, uh, remote controls.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: There's have to be...
Speaker D: There's have to be, uh, with different colors, or...
Speaker D: I don't know, different colors.
Speaker E: Um, maybe we can give it out in different colors.
Speaker E: You can choose...
Speaker E: It's like, uh, I make something.
Speaker E: It's a naked...
Speaker E: Yeah, well, why not?
Speaker E: Or, uh...
Speaker E: That's fancy.
Speaker D: That's, uh, fancy.
Speaker D: It looks cheap as well because it's a small thing.
Speaker D: It's only twenty-five years.
Speaker D: It looks very cheap if you make it.
Speaker B: Well, maybe we can look at, um, mobile phones.
Speaker B: Oh, you just...
Speaker D: I don't know what happened.
Speaker E: Another front.
Speaker E: Who?
Speaker D: Yeah, we have to look at mobile phones.
Speaker B: That's right.
Speaker B: The design very well.
Speaker B: And, well, basically, hard the same.
Speaker B: Just a bit smaller.
Speaker B: You think you can't make it if you control it too small because then you will over-load Always lose it.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: But, uh, well, I think that's a good example.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay, yes, you're really up your bed because of all that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: You finished, okay.
Speaker D: Yeah, first.
Speaker B: I think we discussed everything.
Speaker B: Okay.
None: Well, the working design.
None: The model.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, the working design.
Speaker C: The method I use is search the web.
Speaker C: Just a web page provided.
Speaker C: Um, basically, I'm not very technical, uh, educated, but I could figure it out.
Speaker C: Um, basically what happens is you press a button.
Speaker C: It's closed by pressing the button, uh, like a switch.
Speaker C: And by closing that certain circuit, the chip knows what button is pressed.
Speaker C: So, like, you press the one, that circuit is closed and, uh, then the chip produces a pattern, like Morse code, to, uh, and sends that to the, uh, LED.
Speaker C: That's the, uh, light emitting diode, I think.
Speaker C: Um, and the light emitting diode is, uh, producing infrared light.
Speaker C: That's, uh, invisible to the human eye and, um, transmit that to the TV.
Speaker C: However, there's also, uh, a visible, uh, diode.
Speaker C: That's, uh, blinking red, if you look in it.
Speaker C: And that's, uh, another diode, I believe, because infrared is not visible.
Speaker C: So, that's, uh, two different things.
Speaker D: We also have to have a LED.
Speaker C: Yeah, I think so.
Speaker B: I'm not sure if it's the same thing that you do to indicate that it's active.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Or just a green one, because if you use it, it's green on the red.
Speaker E: It's real green.
Speaker E: I think it's, in the case of it's active.
Speaker E: Yeah, when you press it.
Speaker E: It's just, uh, the...
Speaker D: Redstone shows up like something's wrong and green is like it's okay.
Speaker D: You press it.
Speaker C: Yeah, I don't know.
Speaker C: Maybe.
Speaker C: Oh, almost, almost, uh, remote controls is red.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, we make it.
Speaker B: So maybe, well, we don't have to make it red.
Speaker B: Maybe integrate it into design as well.
Speaker D: Yeah, the whole, the whole, uh, remote control becomes, uh, green, if you press the button.
Speaker D: That's cool.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: Oh, maybe.
Speaker C: I think the batteries will be, uh, now we have little recharge.
Speaker C: Yeah, okay.
Speaker D: If we can still make that.
Speaker B: Yeah, but it doesn't have to be red.
Speaker B: It's just to indicate something.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: That is working.
Speaker C: It's not, not the batteries are low.
Speaker B: It's not very important.
Speaker C: Green or red or whatever.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Just to indicate it's working.
Speaker C: So really.
Speaker C: And, uh, the receptor in the TV senses the pattern.
Speaker C: So we have to understand what patterns are used to, you know, to make it universal so that it can be used with all the TVs.
Speaker C: We have to really understand what patterns are used so we can, uh, otherwise it won't
None: work. So we have to, uh, make buttons for that as well.
Speaker B: To make.
Speaker C: No, uh, the chip, um, uh, is producing the pattern.
Speaker C: So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to, you know, to the other working.
Speaker E: An automatic research function for each television.
Speaker C: Yeah, or I don't know exactly how it works.
Speaker C: It wasn't explained there.
Speaker B: Well, I, I use, uh, universal, uh, remote control and, uh, before end you have a list of all the TVs you have, etc.
Speaker B: And you have to put in a number.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: So it works on your TV.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: Oh, I have a modern one.
Speaker E: And the modern one.
Speaker E: You, uh, you type, uh, search and the lead became to blink, blink, blink.
Speaker E: And, uh, uh, after a short time the television turns off.
Speaker E: And then you know, oh, it's the right one.
Speaker E: You can stop it.
Speaker E: And then it's okay.
Speaker E: So you don't have to search for your television or your code.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: It's, uh, the, the pattern for itself.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And we use that.
Speaker C: And it's a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one because you have to, yeah.
Speaker D: I just say, can you just say it again because I was just looking at this.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Sure.
Speaker C: Well, uh, you have this chip that's, uh, when the circuit is closed produces the pattern.
Speaker C: But, um, basically for, uh, brands of TV, these patterns are different.
Speaker C: So like when you press a one on one TV, it goes to one.
Speaker C: And on another TV, it won't work basically.
Speaker C: So, uh, basically what you have to do is, uh, get these patterns right.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And, uh, by, uh, that can be done by, uh, just, uh, changing the signal.
Speaker C: Yeah, changing this pattern all the time.
Speaker C: And, uh, what he's doing when he's configuring this pattern, this chip, uh, is trying to switch off the television.
Speaker C: And when it's, uh, switched off, you can push your button.
Speaker C: It's working now.
Speaker C: So, and then he saves that setting.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: And then, um, he's working.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's the right option.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Well, uh, the components.
Speaker C: Yeah, that's a bit technical and I hadn't, I was a little short on time.
Speaker C: Um, but I think I understand it.
Speaker C: Um, the energy source is, uh, the battery, basically.
Speaker C: Um, that's connecting to all the components because it has to be fed with energy.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: Uh, the sub component is, uh, I, I think it is, uh, the button pressed.
Speaker C: So basically when you press a button, a switch gets closed.
Speaker C: Um, that's connecting to a chip.
Speaker C: So the chip knows what button you pressed.
Speaker C: And the chip sends out, uh, the pattern to the infrared bulb.
Speaker C: I didn't put the description by this one.
Speaker C: This is a normal bulb.
Speaker C: So the normal flashing light.
Speaker C: Okay.
Speaker C: So that's the lead.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: And this is the lead too, but this one is producing infrared light.
Speaker C: It's invisible and this one is producing normal light.
Speaker D: So we can make the normal one also a normal light.
Speaker D: No, the lead light is a normal one.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Flash up your.
Speaker E: Uh, if you, if you use the buttons, uh, both of them works.
Speaker E: But one you can't see and one indicates that you use a button.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Because, uh, when you button, press a button and it doesn't work, it can, basically, if the battery is low, it won't work.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: So you have to indicate that it's, maybe you have to, uh, put, uh, a small light around the button you push.
Speaker D: So you see green if you push that button.
Speaker E: I think it's been necessary power.
Speaker E: You use that.
Speaker D: Maybe if you, if you do that, you know that you're, uh, sending a signal.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: And it's, you also know which button.
Speaker E: It's gonna have to be on the wall, uh, remote control.
Speaker E: Have to be let's.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker D: Everywhere.
Speaker D: And, uh, it doesn't make any difference for the energy you use.
Speaker D: You'll still want left.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: It will look different.
Speaker B: And I think we need to find something else.
Speaker B: That looks different.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Cause otherwise we will just make another standard and our motto also.
Speaker E: It's, uh, let's, uh, beneath the buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Around the buttons or in the buttons even.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah, but like when you push it.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: You have your finger over the button.
Speaker C: So you can see.
Speaker C: Must be around it then.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Or, or maybe on top of the green light splashing.
Speaker E: Not, not, not here.
Speaker E: That's.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker A: There.
None: Yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe, uh, the same as a telephone or a mobile phone or.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: We're thinking about that.
Speaker B: A mobile phone in the dark lights up.
Speaker B: Everything lights up.
Speaker B: That's a good idea.
Speaker D: It only takes a little energy.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: A mobile phone can do it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: If you were in the dark, you can't see the rumors.
Speaker D: It's only few let's only four or something for let.
Speaker B: No, I don't know.
Speaker B: But if we use a battery station, which I think we'll use.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: That's a good idea.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We'll have enough power to everything.
Speaker D: Everyone agrees to that or.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Yep.
Speaker E: Maybe we'll post it on the home station.
Speaker E: A button to, to call your remote control.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: But you have to make a sound device in it.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: Maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make.
Speaker C: Especially for that kind of money because it has to be.
Speaker C: The production cost is 12 and a half.
Speaker E: 12 and a half.
Speaker E: Okay.
Speaker E: But we only have to make it for television and.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: Okay.
Speaker B: We must have something special.
Speaker B: We also have remote controls with a lot of options.
Speaker B: But we lose about 90% of those options.
Speaker B: So I think you can.
Speaker E: You have to give customers some extra.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker B: I think we will save money with that.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: You're almost finished.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: The personal preference I didn't fill it out because it was short on time.
Speaker C: But basically what we could do too is have a Bluetooth integration.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: I just wanted to talk some more.
Speaker D: So maybe.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: Okay.
None: Okay.
Speaker D: Okay.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker D: This.
Speaker D: So.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: You have some new project requirements as if they look at what they are.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Teletext has become outdated since the popularity of Internet.
Speaker D: So a teletext option.
Speaker D: Maybe we have to skip that one.
Speaker D: I'm not sure.
Speaker C: I think a lot of people use teletext.
Speaker D: It's on your television.
Speaker D: It's only one button.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: We definitely should use it.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: What I told you the remote controls should only be used for a television.
Speaker D: So that's maybe easier.
Speaker D: And the 40 plus people already told you.
None: Oh, no.
Speaker D: Sorry.
Speaker D: Oh, this is a problem.
Speaker D: Oh, sorry about that.
Speaker D: The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger and the 40.
Speaker D: So it should be flashy or interesting.
Speaker C: Sorry about that.
Speaker D: I just didn't read it.
Speaker D: So did you make some.
Speaker D: Change.
Speaker C: Yeah, that kind of changes the whole situation.
Speaker B: Yeah, then we have to make some nice features.
Speaker B: I think the thing in the dark is a good way to make more like mobile phone.
Speaker B: More modern.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker B: That's important.
Speaker E: I think LCD doesn't work for 12 and a half euros.
Speaker E: I think.
Speaker B: I don't think it's very usable in remote control, especially when you only have TV functions on.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker C: I don't think you'll use it often because you can see on the television what channel you
Speaker E: are. That's channel one.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker B: No, I think that's not usable now.
Speaker B: So but what other features can we put in?
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: I think you have to make it a bit flashy and popular.
Speaker C: But then the usability is not that required because like in the mobile phones usability is not that good.
Speaker E: I think some of you had something to read about speech recognition about you said one and the television turns on one.
Speaker E: Is that reachable?
Speaker E: Maybe?
Speaker E: That's very fancy.
Speaker E: That's cool.
Speaker E: That's 12.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker C: OK.
Speaker C: Only the numbers.
Speaker E: Only numbers.
Speaker E: Only the numbers, one to 20 or something.
Speaker D: That should be cool.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: Maybe we have to integrate that as well.
Speaker D: If it's possible.
Speaker D: If it's possible.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I don't know.
Speaker D: I think it's very expensive actually.
Speaker D: Why should it?
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker D: You only have a microphone in there.
Speaker D: Yeah.
Speaker C: It has to work.
Speaker C: And does it have to work only in English or in Dutch too?
Speaker E: Ah, maybe.
Speaker E: Ah, that's a problem.
Speaker C: And, and.
Speaker C: Oh, in English.
Speaker B: I don't know how it's worth it.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's probably my job to figure that out.
Speaker B: But you can use cream from wherever.
Speaker B: No, one.
Speaker B: It's an additional one.
Speaker E: I didn't.
Speaker E: We have to think about that.
Speaker E: But do we do it?
Speaker E: No, I don't know.
Speaker B: If we do it.
Speaker B: Is it very usable?
Speaker B: That's what I'm looking at.
Speaker C: And do you have to speak in like anything or?
Speaker D: Maybe it's too hard to realize that.
Speaker D: We have a short time to put it on the market.
Speaker D: OK.
Speaker D: You have to do a lot of testing before we can do that.
Speaker C: Yeah, thanks.
Speaker D: We can make the remote control very flashy.
Speaker E: Indeed, the languages are a difficult thing.
Speaker E: Because we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we.
Speaker B: And it's useful enough to take the effort to design something with speech recognition.
Speaker C: And also, if you have a good speech recognition, you can just throw the.
Speaker E: Yeah, someone says, give me one Coke and the TV turns on to one.
Speaker E: It's not.
Speaker B: Yeah, OK.
Speaker B: That's the right one.
Speaker B: But then you have to say TV channel one or something.
Speaker A: Not just one.
Speaker A: But TV one.
Speaker E: That becomes your, because that's very hard for your speech recognition.
Speaker B: But I don't think it's just anxious enough.
Speaker D: So we have to make some decisions so you can see on the.
Speaker D: OK, no speech recognition.
Speaker D: So we have to know what we're going to put on.
Speaker D: We do make a light under the, under the numbers and everything.
Speaker D: If you press something, it lights up for a few seconds.
Speaker D: So you can see what other buttons there are.
Speaker D: OK.
Speaker D: Yeah, that's good.
Speaker D: OK, we just take that one.
Speaker D: And what else we have.
Speaker B: Also the one in the dark.
Speaker B: So, lights up when it's dark.
Speaker D: Yeah, but it's, oh, I thought that would be the same.
Speaker D: If you push something.
Speaker E: Yeah, it, it doesn't work all the time.
Speaker E: Yes, that's right.
Speaker E: It's working only when you use it.
Speaker E: So you can switch it on or something.
Speaker D: No, maybe we use one button.
Speaker D: It must turn on for 20 seconds.
Speaker D: And then it must turn on.
Speaker A: Yeah, that's right.
Speaker A: It's the same as the telephone.
Speaker A: Yeah, all right.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker D: And do we use, what's it called?
Speaker D: Like iMac that you can look through it or just normal.
Speaker B: Maybe it's good idea.
Speaker B: Like we discussed, like iPod.
Speaker B: Different colors.
Speaker B: Maybe use even different fonts.
Speaker B: Yeah, like phones.
Speaker D: Different colors, OK.
Speaker D: So, just make it.
Speaker B: Yeah, it's cool.
Speaker B: It has an option, maybe.
Speaker D: And so the buttons we have, this is normal.
Speaker D: We put in the simple buttons on the top and probably the more complicated buttons.
Speaker B: Yeah, we have a lot of different buttons.
Speaker B: We don't really have any.
Speaker D: Yeah, maybe you have the, we use teletext.
Speaker D: You can press a green and a red button to go to the next one or to go to the free button.
Speaker B: Well, I think the buttons are very easy.
Speaker B: We just stand the buttons.
Speaker D: Maybe you can put the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control because
Speaker B: you almost never use it. Teletext options are only for a button or something.
Speaker C: Yeah, but younger people, I think more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext.
Speaker E: Yeah, that's why I use teletext every day, I think.
Speaker D: OK, yeah.
Speaker D: For me too.
Speaker D: So, we just keep it one level then?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, one level.
Speaker B: I think, because we don't have that many buttons, I think the design is most important.
Speaker B: You can integrate the buttons in the design very much because there are the simple buttons.
Speaker B: If you put one above it, it's clear.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker D: So, that's it for, we're going to have a lunch.
Speaker D: Lunch break.
Speaker D: How long is lunch break?
Speaker D: So, yeah, you know what you have to do with it.
Speaker D: This is it.
Speaker D: You get your meal and everything.
Speaker E: Transwetching.
Speaker E: OK.
Speaker E: Yeah.
Speaker E: That's fine.
Speaker E: Yo.
Speaker D: Yo.
Speaker D: So, we finished for this time.
Speaker A: OK.
Speaker E: Bye.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Yeah.
None: OK.
