SPEAKER_00: Hi guys. Hi. Hi. Is she my bunny still standing? Yeah. All enjoying it. Yeah. I figured
SPEAKER_01: that much. I mean, please, my laptop is... Yeah. There we are. Thank you. So welcome back at the functional design meeting. The plan is that each one of you, it's not me, but only you, will present the things you worked on the last health hour. I will take minutes and we'll put the minutes that I have at the end of the session in the shared folder. Also, the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now. So you can read that now or afterwards. I had an email from the management board. I don't know if you also received it, but there were four points, which I think are very important. First one is they think that teletext, teletext, becomes outdated and internet will be the main focus. Second one is also important because it's one of the discussion points of the previous session. The remote control should only be used for the television. So it's not going to be a multi-purpose remote control. So that's one thing to keep in mind. Second, and I think that's important for the marketing expert.
SPEAKER_01: The current customers are in the age group of 40 years and older, but with this new remote, they would like to reach a group younger than 40. I think to keep in mind, but not really for now is that they want the slogan and the logo to be recognized more in the remote. So we have 40 minutes. So I think not more than 10 minutes per presentation each.
SPEAKER_01: And please use all the facilities that you have. You have the smart boards, the word boards, whatever you want. So Tim, can you start? Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_03: Okay. Welcome. I have some new findings on marketing expert level, which I will show you. The method I used was giving orders to our usability lab to do a questionnaire.
SPEAKER_03: One hundred respondents were involved. And my marketing department generated a report with a lot of results. These were a couple of findings. First page of three. We have three audiences of two audiences. I'm sorry. The first one, this skill, 16 to 45 years and age. The second one is from 64 of 46 to 65. As you can see here, the market share for the first audience is about 60%. Second audience audience is 35%. And some interests from the age groups. It seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy new technology stuff like an LCD screen on the remote control speech recognition.
SPEAKER_03: I don't think that's really appropriate. And when you see the audience, the ages going up, they don't really want it anymore. At least the new technology. Second findings out of the questionnaire. Are the opinions of the audience about current remote controls?
SPEAKER_03: First point is 75% of the users find the most remote controls very ugly. And 80% of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. So that's maybe something for the user interface design. Third findings. According to a frequency of use versus importance in investigation. Following buttons are most important. I will tell something about the way this test was done. The person we were asked what the buttons were, they used most, how much an hour. And in the second table, the importance of those buttons. When you multiply them, you get these three points. Switching channels. That's pretty normal. That's what you do with a remote control. The second, daily text and the third volume controls.
SPEAKER_03: I think it's good that we know what the user wants. At least these three points have to
SPEAKER_01: be very clear. But it's strange that the management board said that the teletax will be outdated
SPEAKER_03: by the internet. Yeah, okay. That's strange. Yeah, okay. But at the moment, the teletax is the best thing you can get on TV, like getting information. So when you ask people what do they use, they use teletax and not internet on remote control. That's really decadent.
SPEAKER_03: That's a new technology, but it's not incorporated right now. Okay, my personal preferences. I think we should aim at the audience from 16 to 45. First of all, it's the biggest share, the biggest audience, 65%. Second, I think you will get the most revenue from it. Yeah, people from 16 to 45 watch a lot of TV more than people who are elder. Second point, we have to improve the most use functions. As I said, here, switching channels, the text and volume controls. Third point that came out of the questionnaire. People used to get lost of the remote controller. So maybe it's an idea for us to design a kind of placeholder, a sign of the TV when you can put the remote controlling. That's about it. I think.
SPEAKER_00: When you mentioned improving functions, what do you mean by that? Not the functions,
SPEAKER_03: but the functions came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used on a remote control. So you can have a remote control full of buttons, hundreds of buttons, but if you don't use them, it's focusing more on the use buttons. They have to be on it just to get it done if necessary. But the most used buttons have to be bigger or...
SPEAKER_00: You use perhaps one button for multiple functions. For example, pressing it in longer makes
SPEAKER_03: it switch to a different function for you. Just for the mining functions, perhaps. Yeah, perhaps just not yet. Just to get the last buttons on the remote control to make it easier and quicker to learn. Yeah. Okay, that's it. Thank you, Tim.
SPEAKER_00: Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I'll go.
SPEAKER_00: Right. All we explained a bit about working design about the project.
SPEAKER_00: Well, what I did was I dissected current remote controls and I've viewed how they looked, how they worked, what kind of components are involved, and how they are connected together.
SPEAKER_00: And after that, I put up a scheme about how these things are organized. And I'll show it to you in a few seconds. And I'll explain a bit about how it works and how we could build one and why I think several possibilities that we discussed in the earlier meeting falls off. Right. Well, what I did was I checked remote controls and the remote controls of today are all infrared, like you probably know. And the thing about that is the remote controls have to access a TV or a stereo or something. And those have transmitted, that's also focused on infrared. So if we want to build a remote control with Bluetooth, for instance, then the TV should have Bluetooth to in order to communicate. So that would mean extra cost for the user. And that's that wouldn't mean a cheap remote control for us. So that's probably why most controls are still infrared. For more, they all have a very simple instructions that would probably mean lower costs. And that could mean for us a good thing.
SPEAKER_00: Because well, we should be able to build a relatively cheap remote. Well, as I mentioned radio waves and Bluetooth, well, it may be possible. But I figured it wouldn't be possible in within our budget. But that's not for me to decide. But that's maybe something for marketing to look into. Because my personal opinion is not to do Bluetooth or radio waves.
SPEAKER_03: Although, what do you think about incorporating Bluetooth or radio receiver in the place or next to the TV connected to TV? Yeah, actually, it's in our own product. Yeah, I actually
SPEAKER_00: figured that would be, that would be very nice. But then you still have the infrared function. So, and very you actually just move the problem. But what I did think about was when you mentioned about the couple is why not introduce a speech function like where is the remote? If somebody says where's the remote, then it goes beep, beep, beep, beep, or something. I don't know. Maybe, maybe something to look into. I don't know what the cost for that something like that would be. But it may be, maybe something to explore. I'll just explain a bit of the components. First, you have the energy source. The energy source would be a battery, simple battery that you could find anywhere. I figured that would be best because when the battery stops functioning, we could just use, could just go out and buy a new one. So, we didn't, we don't have to do all to be too complicated about that. The energy source is connected to the infrared button. But the infrared button works only via the chip and the subcomponents to the switch. There is a switch between these. When the switch is pressed in, on this case, the switch is a button. When the button is pushed in, the electric current goes through here. And in a, immediately, a bulb lights up, displaying to the user that something has happened. This, this sort of user won't be thinking, well, did the button be pressed? What happened? I pressed the button, but nothing's happening on the TV. So, it's something wrong or something. So, that's just to explain, to make it clear to the user. While the signal goes via a chip that's translated into electronic signals, and then it's processed and then it's sent to the infrared bulb where it will be received on a receiving end and interpreted by the device, on this case, television. Well, my personal preference is, well, we have to keep it simple, not too many gadgets and functions. Just like you said, the most users, you have a lot of buttons and you usually don't use them.
SPEAKER_00: So, why should we, in vendor, spend more time on those? I think we should stick by, with infrared transmitting and no receiving. So, no input from the television. So, I think we shouldn't be spending time on teletext and things like that. Because when you want teletext on infrared, you have to build in a receiver too. And so, in order to receive the signals from what's on TV and such. So, I figured that would be spending too much
SPEAKER_03: money and time. Yeah, maybe another problem. I think current TVs can even send. Yes, but
SPEAKER_00: should we, I agree with you, but should we spend money or time on building a receiver into the remote control? Because that would be, I mean, extra components, extra designs, larger remote control. These all stuff that we have to take in account. My personal opinion is no receiver at all. Well, we should look into the design and the functionality. Like I said, use one button, for instance, for multiple functions or, well, just hide a few buttons, switching it open or something. The user will, you'll stuff. And don't overbuild.
SPEAKER_00: We shouldn't make a big remote control for simple functions, but we should stick to the basics. So, that was my personal opinion. And that was my presentation.
SPEAKER_01: Okay, thank you, Ganes. Yes, I can go ahead.
SPEAKER_01: You have plenty of time. Tim and Janus, don't talk to ten minutes. So, take your time.
SPEAKER_01: If you take your time too long, I will eventually warn you. Well, I'm going to give a presentation
SPEAKER_02: about some of the technical functions to design and usability functions. What's my opinion about? What's most important to combine the design, technical possibilities and user friendliness in one? So, if you go into design and remote that looks good, that's shouldn't weigh over the, if it's possible to make, of course, but also user friendliness.
SPEAKER_02: That's some of the main points. And another one is the use of many functions will make it more difficult. So, use as little functions as possible or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote if you have 50 functions. You don't want 50 buttons to be shown at the same time. When you visit the internet, besides you don't want 50 links to see, but maybe use a higher structure. And well, one of the ideas was maybe use touch screen, but I don't know how far it is possible since we are sticking to infrared and the remote cannot receive anything. But we might consider that. Well, of course, I hope this is all clear to you. If you can use remote like this with all the functions and many functions, but your thumb is a little bigger than this, then it's good to be very careful. Watch it push. And if you're looking for teletext, you'll be searching for half an hour from, well, where is it? Well, here I guess. Yeah, I went and you have to use something else.
SPEAKER_02: So this keeps simple. Make clear buttons easy to use. For example, if you want to use a play and back and stop, that's very important. Well, this was because of our last discussion if multiple machines are used, create easy switch between the machines, but it's no longer applying. Well, yeah, I prefer to use it only for TV and not to give too many options.
SPEAKER_02: And if possible, the buttons should give a direct action. Not first select.
SPEAKER_01: You just had to combine more functions in one. So that's where you want to keep it simple.
SPEAKER_01: But I think that if you want to do that, then you can't escape the fact that there will be buttons which give more options than one. But you have to wait against this. Do we
SPEAKER_02: want to use a few options and might not be so original or multipurpose as we thought? Or do we want to use many buttons? So wing those factors. It's maybe an option if you
SPEAKER_03: use an LCD or touch screen. That in the middle are the main keys, like display on the... Yeah, this? No? Yeah, something like that. Okay, just in the middle, the general functions, like play, channels reaching. And then at the top or at the bottom, some menus like settings
SPEAKER_02: or you can drop down. Yeah, but another question I had, do we want to use a menu display on the TV or have to everything be in remote? If you use a memory display on the TV, you can simply push a well menu and then select the options you want to have and press OK. So that's my recommendation. If you use many options in one button, display the menu on the TV and use a combination of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times or five
SPEAKER_03: seconds is too complicated for most users. I think so too, but and that's partly because a lot of TVs have different menus and when you have a particular menu at your device, it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on TV. Yeah, there will be a problem.
SPEAKER_00: Well, you asked around, keep in mind that several TVs don't even have a menu structure or they have a very simple menu structure. So you have to keep in mind that not all our mode won't be able to work on all televisions. Yes. And that would be a considerable problem.
SPEAKER_02: We have to stick with current technologies and well, yeah, there are restrictions of what's on the market today. Yeah. You should keep it at this. Use big, clear buttons, not too many.
SPEAKER_02: So maybe we'll lose a few options, but I think this is more important.
SPEAKER_02: Especially the important buttons. If you want to switch channel, change your volume, use teletext. It has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it somewhere away on the remote behind. Yeah, but then you can touch screen.
SPEAKER_02: Could make more menu up for some. Yeah, if you want to put the on standby or change channel, that should always be possible to do not force change menu options or switch something.
SPEAKER_02: Earlier, as you already told, give some feedback. If the user is pushing a button, you should know if the television or at least remote is reacting and not just the batteries maybe low. And well, my conclusion is less. It's more keep it simple. So maybe we should ease down on the functionality to keep it accessible. Because you all know if there are a lot of functions on the television, some you will never know and never use.
SPEAKER_02: And therefore it's important if you want to change the volume or the channel that is always accessible and easy and other functions that are not so important. Well, we should consider just not using them or at least putting them somewhere on the remote where they are not
SPEAKER_03: in a way for the most important function. Yeah, I think the idea about touch screen is very good. Because recently I saw a news item on TV about new telephones for older people. They have like touch screen with really big pictures on it, like a call hang up. And that's a big advantage, I think. Because on the one hand you make the remote control compatible for older users just by scaling up the pictures or something. It's very visual intent.
SPEAKER_02: What was I to say more? Maybe the snops in. Keep the primary buttons visible.
SPEAKER_02: And make a remote that fits easily in the hand and for some design issues, well, put a logo on it and maybe use it in some aesthetic form. But the important buttons make them always accessible and pushable and clear and maybe use a touch screen or if that will become too difficult, just like other telephones, maybe it's possible to flip them open and just expand the number of options that are normally visible. But if you picked the idea, the left
SPEAKER_03: idea, then what's going to be displayed on a touch screen? Extra functions.
SPEAKER_02: Yeah, but when you use system functions or teletext functions, and you just choose one, then all the options will become available and you just scroll through them.
SPEAKER_00: Wouldn't it be better to just make one big touch screen? I want one small touch screen applet and I'll just make let's say 15 buttons on it and we're free of those. Actually just menus with sub menus or sub items, sub functions. And then I'd like to make a proposal.
SPEAKER_02: If you make one big touch screen, use the same concept as for you. Keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest.
SPEAKER_00: Yeah, like the iPod idea that we just saw. You just have a few selected buttons and a few menus and with this idea you could actually make several. You can also improve later on.
SPEAKER_00: Yes. I think that would be great.
SPEAKER_01: So you think it will be better to have a kind of total touch screen? Yeah, I think so.
SPEAKER_02: Yeah, I would actually go. I agree, but I think it's very important that it always make the same buttons accessible. So use just for special options a part of the touch screen.
SPEAKER_02: Yeah. And so an all the designer picks up the other parents or a ramp parent picks up the remote from the little child and who is all in the system functions. You have to have the possibility to turn off the TV or switch to channel without well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary function. Yeah, I had another idea
SPEAKER_03: about maybe parental control, like building in up some kind of pin code, which allows parents to switch to all channels. But children don't know the pin code. They can switch to violent channels or that is possible. Well, that
SPEAKER_00: actually depends on the television, but I think that would be just simple login. The thing is when you buy remote, you set the channels. The channels are different on each television. They are set in a preset order. So if you lock on a remote, let's say channel 15, well, channel 15 on this television is different than channel 15 on another TV.
SPEAKER_00: So that would be that would be actually the main concern. I think that it means that
SPEAKER_02: maybe by some option, make sure that remote control and TV match. And then after that, you can use some inserts and passwords as being a parent that the children cannot use this. Yeah, change the settings of the TV like color and volume and add that kind
SPEAKER_03: of stuff. But maybe if you log in first as a parent, you address the channels. And like or as channel 15, that's violent channel. My kids, I don't want my kids to worse there. Then you set the priority to only parents. Yeah, for example, but make it a separate
SPEAKER_02: option in the menu. Yeah. So that's the plate former. Yeah, that's just here. So that's
SPEAKER_01: an added future. Okay. But let's not go too wide about those things. That's why we hear. It's an idea. But I think that's later in the stage. I have one little question about a total touch screen or a partial. Yeah, a partial. Because I think I think L-Rick people may be not used to a touch screen. So they want the normal functions like tailed text volume changing to be kind of traditional. And the other functions, the more difficult functions to be maybe on a touch screen, but to keep this
SPEAKER_03: as normal as possible, to keep it as possible. If you display it on LCD screen with
SPEAKER_02: really big numbers, you can display it on the screen. That's just a little bit. Yeah,
SPEAKER_00: I do agree because it's just not the same when you touch a touch screen or when you touch a button. But if we have to look at what target audience we are aiming for younger people. Yeah, they chose below 40. Yeah, that's probably. Yeah. And those young people,
SPEAKER_03: yeah, you saw it in my marketing report. They like the new fancy stuff. Yeah, touch screen like Microsoft already developed something like that for multimedia applications.
SPEAKER_01: I think we can do that too. Yeah. Okay, as you can see, the minutes from the second meeting, this one, are done. I've added this four things from the management board just to keep in mind. Each time I had a summary on what you told and what you personal thing so that can be read out a few things. I noticed where.
SPEAKER_01: The main points in this meeting is I think how it's going to look with the data. We must keep it simple but have the opportunity to have more options and have them hidden or something. So they don't you don't have a big thing full of buttons or. And the point that you want to use one controller for each telephishing. So you must the functions like the menus or the parental control must be all done by the remote control and not by the television. I think that's
SPEAKER_03: the point with. Yeah, some of them. The menus are now identical for all TV. So you have
SPEAKER_02: to display on one TV. Use when you how do you call it synchronized remote and TV. But that's not possible. There's always there are always possibilities to change the color and brightness and volume. And well, maybe you can look out if there are options that are remote. And as a memory, you can see what kind of TV it is.
SPEAKER_02: From all the feed-ups, this and this and that. And then give the options that are capable.
SPEAKER_01: Yeah, but you have that's an opportunity. Yeah, but you have an international market range. Now you have I think. Well, they're are in the first
SPEAKER_02: of the remote and they all have functionality for all TV. So this can be a very good feature to incorporate the menus. It's not too complex to do it. Well, they all
SPEAKER_00: have to be programmed to fit your TV. And that is a bit of a tricky job. Actually, you use one of those. They are kind of troublesome. But the thing is when you start building something like this, you have to build a receiver into the into the remote.
SPEAKER_00: Because in order for the remote to process something from the TV, like to synchronize you have to send and to receive. And that's why. No, no, no, you can just build a
SPEAKER_03: unit. He means just one other thing. With the current remote controls, the universal ones. You have to press encodes. You have to press a code for a TV.
SPEAKER_02: You look up. I have a philips H 55. It says press code 455. When you press code 455 on it. And remote and it displays all your menu options. Oh, yeah, yeah. Sure.
SPEAKER_03: Yeah. Now we just connect the TV type to a set of options in just in a memory.
SPEAKER_03: So if you like profile, so that if you touch in like 1410, kind of TV, the memory pops up the options. Yeah, that would be possible. I don't think that takes a lot of storage space. No, that wouldn't be just for rivals. Yeah. If you look at the menus from
SPEAKER_02: Universal and remote, there are maybe three, four hundred TVs at maximum. If you have all of them, all the old and new TVs summed up. So I think it is possible. But on the
SPEAKER_03: other hand, we have five minutes to go. On the other hand, if you have a remote, a Y0 TV that isn't incorporated in a remote. Well, then you have to buy new ones. Very
SPEAKER_02: good from what? New remote. Maybe or an update software update.
SPEAKER_03: From where? From where? Maybe the cup holder. Maybe we can incorporate some kind of USB or a firewire connection so that you can connect it to the PC and download the newest
SPEAKER_00: firmware from the Internet. Well, not everybody has a PC at home. Well, the most
SPEAKER_02: people have, but not everybody can go back to the shop and like kind of surface and surface. Yeah, maybe something like that. Or you could actually look at the place
SPEAKER_00: all that you talked about earlier. You could probably make a connection to an telephone
SPEAKER_02: line or an international information. The digital information is sent to the standard TV connections. You can see what program is on on the new channel. So maybe we can send
SPEAKER_00: that information along with standard TV. Well, then you'd be back to the building and it would actually work to build a thing. We could actually look into it. But I don't know. It would be bringing more cost for the work with it. And I think it's
SPEAKER_03: most cheap or cheapest to just do the updates at the service center. Yeah, that would be
SPEAKER_02: a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Great.
SPEAKER_03: It's not a lot of work. Just one docking station where you put it in, press start, bling, bling up there. Yeah, that would be better. Yeah. You don't buy a TV every week. No, no.
SPEAKER_02: That's what I mean. One of one. For which one are we going? That's one. That one or my
SPEAKER_00: boat goes out to the right here. Your boat? My boat. Yeah. Okay. Your boat? Well, I was
SPEAKER_02: doubting about which one to take, but if convinced me that if you display buttons about the same as they would look at normal remote or elderly people will know what to do. And also like
SPEAKER_03: flipping, like, it buys at open. It's not too difficult. Not too difficult. Maybe it's easier to break it. Yeah. Break it. I don't know. That it's very sensitive. Like my telephone.
SPEAKER_01: It's sensitive. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's almost at the end. We have now a lunch break.
SPEAKER_01: Yeah. After the lunch break, it's back to individual work once again, 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_01: I will put my minutes. I have updated them. So they're updated in the shirt for over two, 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_01: 30 minutes. Oh, minutes.
SPEAKER_01: The specific instructions for the next meeting you will all receive at the email. I don't think I can say much about it. So wait for the email and hopefully you get it done in the 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_01: And I will see you after the lunch break in the 30 minutes. One question. Yeah.
SPEAKER_01: How late do we have to get back? Be back here. Well, 30 minutes.
SPEAKER_03: 30 minutes lunch break. 30 minutes lunch break. Yeah. Okay. 45.
SPEAKER_01: 45? Yeah. Well, then would it be one o'clock? Yeah. Oh, we ask our personal coach. Yeah.
SPEAKER_01: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. It was very good. I think we're responsible to store this.
SPEAKER_01: Well, say VAS. Yeah, because all things are stored in smartboard.exdk.
SPEAKER_03: And that's you can open from your from your left.
SPEAKER_00: So there's an image. Yeah, maybe say VAS. I can export. Well, I can I can HTML.
SPEAKER_03: So you know, when you see me. Huh? Image. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That directory.
SPEAKER_02: Oh, yeah. It's not connected today. You all have to have the question area again about the
SPEAKER_03: the effort to work. Yeah. It is connected. It's connected. Yeah. I think so.
SPEAKER_00: That's. No. I'll just save my documents. Yeah. AMI on a my own messenger. Yeah.
SPEAKER_02: Oh, no. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. The question
SPEAKER_01: you have filling in with Phil, after lunch? Well, it's it's simply filling. Oh, no. It's also filling out. No, I do have to be I'm not agree. So do it. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_03: Thank you.
SPEAKER_03: You're welcome.
SPEAKER_02: You can leave the PC on, I think.
SPEAKER_02: Yeah.
SPEAKER_01: I bring it to my personal room.
SPEAKER_01: My executive big room with the painting.
SPEAKER_03: Okay.
None: Yeah.
None: You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you
