0:00:00	SPEAKER_00
 years just because of the floods bringing the ceiling is down.

0:00:07	SPEAKER_00
 It's great joy.

0:00:10	SPEAKER_04
 Aren't they suing him?

0:00:13	SPEAKER_00
 I think they probably ought to, but they've only just started realizing that treating this as a legal issue is probably the right way to look at it.

0:00:22	SPEAKER_00
 So they're not really the sort of people that are up for understanding the intricacies of the committee, I guess.

0:00:30	SPEAKER_00
 I mean, you would have thought they could, but it's actually quite hard work.

0:00:34	SPEAKER_00
 The law isn't very clear.

0:00:35	SPEAKER_04
 Can't think it legal aid.

0:00:38	SPEAKER_00
 That's a good question.

0:00:40	SPEAKER_00
 They might be able to.

0:00:42	SPEAKER_00
 It's just it's a strap now.

0:00:44	SPEAKER_00
 You know, like the citizens' advice bureau is so hard to actually get access to because they have so many cases and so few people.

0:00:52	SPEAKER_00
 But yeah, that's probably the next thing they'll have to do.

0:00:56	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, here's the answer.

0:00:59	None
 Okay.

0:01:01	SPEAKER_04
 Are we supposed to count to 10 or something?

0:01:05	SPEAKER_04
 We don't have to do all that.

0:01:08	SPEAKER_01
 Okay.

0:01:09	SPEAKER_01
 Thank you.

0:01:24	SPEAKER_02
 Thank you.

0:01:28	SPEAKER_02
 Take a picture.

0:01:30	SPEAKER_03
 Okay.

0:01:32	SPEAKER_00
 Okay.

0:01:34	SPEAKER_00
 Right.

0:01:35	SPEAKER_00
 Right, well, I thought the right thing to do was to review what Weiching's been doing in the area of dialogue structure for work package one over the last period.

0:01:48	SPEAKER_00
 So basically for him to talk about what progress he's been making.

0:01:52	SPEAKER_00
 And then for him to describe what work he intends over the next period of the project and for us to figure out what help he needs with that, maybe give him some help figuring out what publications he's going to get out of this and for us to make sure that it fits into the overall project.

0:02:11	SPEAKER_00
 So this is something that, you know, we're not going to do everything today but I wanted to make sure that we sort of all aligned on what he was doing at the moment and then sort of figured out how to get the best advice coming up.

0:02:30	SPEAKER_00
 So that's why I called this.

0:02:33	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, thanks.

0:02:34	SPEAKER_04
 You're going to give a presentation for us then?

0:02:36	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, yeah, very, very quick.

0:02:39	SPEAKER_05
 So I've been here for 14 months I think.

0:02:44	SPEAKER_05
 So I'm accustomed to the environment here and enjoy staying here.

0:02:50	SPEAKER_05
 So from last year I was supervising the annotation of segmentation and summarization with a gypsy coffees and on the other hand I did some very preliminary work on chunking these suitable copies but that was not well picked up in the AMI copies which is supposed to be.

0:03:24	SPEAKER_05
 So and currently I'm more interested in analyzing the manufacturing, multiple-party meetings.

0:03:35	SPEAKER_05
 This is what I'm going to present here.

0:03:38	SPEAKER_05
 So in this presentation I'm going to see how we could analyze utterance relations in multiple-party meetings because meetings is a little different from normal text or the normal dialogue or the dialogue.

0:04:08	SPEAKER_05
 So interactivity is a concept that I'm using to distinguish the two extremes of discourse in meetings and for dialogues and my logs I think we might have to use different concepts to model the discourse structure then I will give a very rough plan for the next couple of months and finally I will introduce some related work.

0:04:48	SPEAKER_05
 So the big question that I'm concerned here is what's the relationship between utterances in multiple-party meetings or how do we analyze this structure right above utterances instead of those high-level intentional structure of discourse.

0:05:08	SPEAKER_05
 So the concern here is about the very low-code, low-level utterance relations in multiple-party meetings.

0:05:19	SPEAKER_05
 This is the low-code discourse structure, the building block of that kind of structure of busy utterance and possibly one of its properties, the dialogue which we are currently working on.

0:05:40	SPEAKER_05
 And for meetings, yeah, so I've mentioned before that, meetings is a bit different from monologue and dialogues.

0:05:57	SPEAKER_05
 So in meetings from my reading one of the M meetings, IS-108, the four meetings, I noticed that the interaction, degrees of interaction in the meetings varies from parts to parts.

0:06:22	SPEAKER_05
 So for some part, the interaction is very strong so it's obviously a dialogue.

0:06:30	SPEAKER_05
 But for some part where the interaction is very weak, just like the chairman or project manager is coordinating the meetings, pushing the meeting forward, then this kind of organizational structure or a genuine falling part.

0:06:52	SPEAKER_05
 And also other parts like the bad channels without any semantic content from other participants.

0:07:06	SPEAKER_05
 So this kind of interaction might be better analyzed as monologue in which there is near your interaction, I suppose.

0:07:21	SPEAKER_00
 I'm a little bit confused.

0:07:22	SPEAKER_00
 So when you say interactivity, do you mean, well, how would you characterize a highly interactive meeting?

0:07:31	SPEAKER_00
 What are the measurements you'd apply?

0:07:33	SPEAKER_00
 So I think what you're doing is segmenting meetings into highly interactive parts and not so interactive parts where you think some of them are a bit like dialogue and some of it like monologue.

0:07:43	SPEAKER_00
 So what measurements would you apply to find out which is which?

0:07:46	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, so this is going to be based on the utterance to utterance.

0:07:51	SPEAKER_05
 So for this utterance, the next utterance, if it's from another speaker, then if it's not a bad channel or something similar, then it's dialogue.

0:08:09	SPEAKER_05
 So it's big change.

0:08:11	SPEAKER_05
 So yes, big change.

0:08:12	SPEAKER_05
 So you mean relatively short turns and speaker change?

0:08:15	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, yeah.

0:08:16	SPEAKER_05
 But short turns like something very similar might be the second type of interactivity, the weak interactivity.

0:08:29	SPEAKER_05
 But might not be analyzed as a monologue, but as a dialogue.

0:08:36	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah.

0:08:37	SPEAKER_05
 Not as dialogue, but as a monologue.

0:08:40	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah.

0:08:41	SPEAKER_05
 So for that kind of bad channels, we can just skip that and do not treat them as interruptions or something like that.

0:08:52	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, we could just.

0:08:54	SPEAKER_00
 So am I right in thinking you think that you can segment meetings maybe into two types of areas, interactive and non-interactive?

0:09:02	SPEAKER_00
 So what are the characteristics of the interactive areas?

0:09:06	SPEAKER_00
 Speak change.

0:09:07	SPEAKER_00
 Speak change.

0:09:08	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, so but you just said, I think that you would characterize short turns as being the non-interactive.

0:09:16	SPEAKER_05
 If it's just some kind of back channel or just a signal, this is a straight care, a listening or a sense of what's going on.

0:09:26	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, we can discount back channels.

0:09:27	SPEAKER_00
 I mean, are you, is it okay if we talk about the swimming because I'm confused or do you

0:09:32	SPEAKER_04
 get a- I was just wondering if you were going to define this more. I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,

0:09:43	SPEAKER_00
 I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, it's only morphine, Wonderful.

0:09:47	SPEAKER_00
 Well, it just mal Donna it just seems to me to get a little bit

0:09:50	SPEAKER_04
 closer down.

0:09:51	None
 And I can't think of more than passing.

0:09:52	SPEAKER_04
 It just seems to get more than needles.

0:09:55	SPEAKER_05
 Sure, sure.

0:09:56	SPEAKER_05
 And I find here, we understand that if you make a bunch of statements on a different date that you have to Patch you, to sacrifice you to have.

0:10:08	SPEAKER_00
 And that's why I'm confident in watching.

0:10:12	SPEAKER_00
 So yeah, yeah, you mean all of the speakers are involved in it. No is it sufficient for two speakers, right?

0:10:20	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, so actually so this is a very rough idea of interactivity if we go first We might distinguish as the interactivity between two three or all the groups so that might be some finer definition for

0:10:36	SPEAKER_04
 The interactivity, but we've also established that it's not just speaker change because if you have mm-hmm, okay

0:10:44	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, so that might be the second class. Okay, but that's that's okay. That's definitional, right? Yeah

0:10:51	SPEAKER_00
 So I mean you wouldn't necessarily consider that to change the turns those are just back channels so one speaker will have the floor channel yeah throughout that and so I guess what you're saying is that The interactive sections would have shorter speaker turns when you're not So

0:11:18	SPEAKER_04
 Well it might be the case that to be interactive there have to be dialogue acts of some specific type Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, actually because I've looked well like statement statement reject except you know something yeah sufficient

0:11:32	SPEAKER_00
 But not necessary maybe it but if you had a bunch of people all just giving information and opinion around the table Mm-hmm, and they never actually asked questions of each other. Okay, but the turns for that case. Yeah, quite sure

0:11:42	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, so this might be a weak definition of interactivity So if we could figure out if they are really interact to interact with each other or just a incremental representation of some information so that's different we might need a More strict or finer definition of interactivity Yeah, for this use of the for the use of this term for the indicator of the degrees of interaction I think for the current Proposal I think that it's just for distinguish between dialogues and mollocks because For these two types of discourse the The the two that we're going to analyze the

0:12:36	SPEAKER_00
 Disconstruction might be different right. Okay. I remember you saying this before so basically you want to do this segmentation Because you're going to apply completely different analyses to the two sections. Yeah, yeah

0:12:47	SPEAKER_05
 And also because I have a reason of the M R D a corpus So for some part of that kind of meetings Several afternoons with our dialogues are just tactics statement So that I don't think that would be very informative for high levels analysis So that's what that's why why I'm

0:13:15	SPEAKER_00
 Distinguishing the two kinds of discourse. Right. So which in quite takes quite a strong position on This difference between these two kinds of group activities because he says that they admit different kinds of analyses Right with the non interactive more model monologic sections of the meeting you have to Analyze them using something akin to rhetorical structure or something and with the other sections you You you use some other theory to look at them and I actually Think that that's a slightly extreme position With regard to the literature that a lot of people might say it doesn't really matter who the different speakers are in an interactive section you can still build maybe the the same argument structure over the top of the basic acts and propositional content that's there and What you get is a messier version of the argument structure because not everybody has the same argument in their brain You know for this but but that the same Theory or the the same analysis can be applied to both parts Mm-hmm, so I think it's important to keep that in mind and if you if you do need to argue that these two kinds of group activities Can can only be analyzed if you use different analytical mechanisms, then you have to explain why that is Right, so it puts an extra burden of proof on the work that you do

0:14:53	SPEAKER_04
 Well, actually, I don't quite agree. I mean for example, you can't use RST across speakers Because the definitions of the relations depend on the intentions of the speaker and these different speakers have different intentions So you can't use the theory. It's just fundamentally wrong. It's it was meant as a theory for one person Right, so that doesn't mean there aren't other things

0:15:17	SPEAKER_00
 So but to the degree that a group is building an argument together I mean, I think what you're doing in a group discussion isn't necessarily one coherent argument for the person But an argument that is the group view. Yeah, and so it's maybe it's not RST But it's more akin to I don't know is it tolman, but you know not that but you know the kinds of things where people to try to represent

0:15:44	SPEAKER_04
 Those are very those are really different Theories that are at are trying to get at different things and it and they admit of you know Some of them admit of multiple parties and some of them assume you're in one speaker's head

0:15:57	SPEAKER_00
 Right are the important aspects of it for this analysis really that's substantively different though

0:16:01	SPEAKER_04
 Mm-hmm. Yeah, the entire theory is based on intention and the intention of one individual

0:16:07	SPEAKER_00
 So RST would be a bad theory to use but if somebody if there's been an argument so far in a group meeting and Somebody makes a statement. They have an intention about how to modify that

0:16:17	SPEAKER_04
 So modeling modeling a single contribution by a single speaker you can within that you can use RST if you want to Right, but across speakers you can't right big They have no relations for things like reject or Agree they the theory doesn't have them. Okay, so the relation names aren't aren't right But so it's not the right theory because the theory is the relations plus the notion of nuclearity So we need a different theory now. I think Alex SDRs Allows both kinds so you know within a speaker turn you can have things like explanation and cause and all that But then across speaker turns you can have things like correction or I didn't see any examples of agree or disagree in SDRs, but There aren't I mean there are 30 relations so we should look at what they are but I don't relation names are less important

0:17:13	SPEAKER_00
 I mean people have argued for ages, but exactly what relations were in any of these theories Well, that's the relations that was then what the theory is trying to achieve And it just seems to me that if you've got to have two separate apparatuses for the speaker internal argument structure and the Group argument structure that that's more for apparatus than you should actually need for from doing this kind of analysis because in both cases you're Building up an argument publicly in this group meeting and then you know adding something or changing the existing argument in some way By relating a contribution to what's already on the table

0:17:50	SPEAKER_04
 So yes, but so I mean the relation names. It's not the names that are important It's their semantics that are important right and they're the semantics of the relations are based on the semantics of the utterances that they're relating as Alex explained yesterday and so It is important that these relations have a semantics that's tied to the semantics of the utterances, right

0:18:18	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, I just think well, I mean all of these things when they encounter a new genre of Actual data that they end up modifying building new kinds of relations with new kinds of semantics and adding them

0:18:32	SPEAKER_04
 That's the entire history of possibly but few people have tried to you know do the kind of truth conditional semantics that you know Asher and Laskaridis have done, right?

0:18:44	SPEAKER_04
 So the theory can handle the kinds of things that happen in meetings as she explained the actual Computational mechanisms they have currently for building up the trees Can't now I don't remember was which speaker you in the in the example she showed yesterday was it the case that the implementation of the utterances and the relations included which speaker was no just a

0:19:17	SPEAKER_05
 turn extension

0:19:20	SPEAKER_04
 I mean it had the at the at the leaves they had the well She didn't show it, but they would have the semantics of the utterances And then she had relation

0:19:31	SPEAKER_05
 She used some a bunch of features to do the automatic parsing

0:19:37	SPEAKER_04
 Right, I just I just don't didn't remember seeing in the representation Which speaker contributed what because she did represent Discourse structures because these were the verb mobile scheduling dialogues. So the utterances in the in the representation were uttered by Two different parties. It wasn't but you know in the in the example she showed us there were There was some that it was just you know one party. It was a monologue

0:20:06	SPEAKER_00
 But then there was a snippet of dialogue as well with so there you've got somebody using theoretical development They would claim that you don't need to separate and analytical frameworks for these two types of activities that

0:20:18	SPEAKER_04
 For this specific Set of relations that that they've defined there might be some higher level structure that you want to pull out of that I mean I because you were saying you're just gonna you want to look at this Yeah, very local stuff, but from that you one would hope you would pull out something high

0:20:36	SPEAKER_05
 You know it just we need to see how well we could work out of the utterances

0:20:43	SPEAKER_04
 No, I think working from the bottom up sounds great, but I'm just I Mean what you can imagine someone saying well How did they decide to make it blue and maybe there was a long blow by blow and you don't you kind of want to abstract away from?

0:20:57	SPEAKER_04
 He said this she said that he said you know to Anyway, I you know, I mean I don't think especially You know if you're not steeped in these theories that it makes a huge difference To you whether we use RST or something like SDRs, but it might make much more, you know I mean yeah

0:21:17	SPEAKER_00
 I just prefer it to be one thing rather than two completely separate things and then the added explanation of why It's not possible to have the same thing apply to both half. Well, I think we should I think we should

0:21:31	SPEAKER_04
 Try to find a theory that allows Multiple speakers and relations to span over more than once you know Because it is true that I mean if you look at things like damsel and other attempts to come up with annotation schemes for For dialogue acts there was this notion of forward looking and backward looking anyway. They're relational. I mean in some way, you know They're all relational But you needed But there's a different set of tags in there from the kinds of relations you see within RST For example, so if you look at Amanda Stents thesis and the analysis that she did sort of within a turn she used something like RST And then a cross turn she used damsel

0:22:23	SPEAKER_00
 Right. Yeah, which wouldn't probably wouldn't give us the kind of information that we need about relations across turns just because we really are critically interested in the argument that the group is building up so that we can find the decisions that they made and any Counter proposals to proposals that have been made and things I mean it really is more in the spirit of the RST ish relations then Then in the damsel kinds of relationships What we want out of the?

0:22:57	SPEAKER_00
 The relationships between speakers here They are jointly building up an argument structure and that is the critical thing that we're missing in order to be able to Understand what's happening in these meetings So I would we wouldn't want to do the same thing is what she did in this case because Damsel doesn't give you the right sort of representation between speakers

0:23:19	SPEAKER_04
 Well, it gives you things like accept and reject and oh

0:23:22	SPEAKER_00
 Does it okay? I haven't seen it on that this kind of data. So maybe in fact RST doesn't give you anything like that No, right. Okay, but What I mean is you want to make sure you get the argumentative relations however you do it whichever relations you have to build Right, you know, now I'm not saying I'm not saying that there's a particular set of tags or relations that have been defined out there That are the right ones I'm just saying we need the correct ones for the structure that we're trying to get out of this because we need certain information out of this analysis

0:23:51	SPEAKER_04
 So I think it's much more important. I think it would make more sense to go about this problem figuring out what kinds of relationships we want and then finding and you know like setting down what the constraints are on But which is good looking at the data. So that's he's been looking at the data. Okay, good And then and then there are lots of different theories of argument. I mean you can also Think about the sort of joint problem solving kinds of Approaches so, you know Clark and Yeah Lockballman, you know that that kind of thing That were designed for dialogue, right? I mean And can be expanded to more than two persons actually the lock bomb stuff is for groups. Yeah. Yeah

0:24:46	SPEAKER_05
 So yeah for interactivity this is a very weak definition Yeah, if we need more than we might use some more finer finer definition for interactivity

0:25:03	SPEAKER_00
 Well, what you'll need in the end is something operational so something that you can use to actually segment meetings into the The areas that you think are important for this analysis. Yeah, so It's not quite clear to me What the different kinds of things are so it would be I think handy if you could take a meeting at some point and say You know this is a interactive area and this is a monologic area because and we could come up with what kinds of measurements you mean I mean we have We haven't done past work here on segmenting meetings in that way, but we have done work on characterizing different kinds of meetings In terms of how highly interactive they are, but it's a different definition, right?

0:25:50	SPEAKER_00
 It's in terms of how much all of the people involved in the meeting Take some take equal part in it as opposed to like the highest status people in the meeting just driving it and and The other people following whatever the high status people want so But those kinds of measures you know we could use to To do this kind of segmentation if it's important to the analysis We need clear definitions of what the different things are how many different kinds of activities are there you know is it just interactive and non interactive or is there are there there more grades of shading than that and You know what are the things that you expect in each? What's the back channeling behavior? What's the speaker turn?

0:26:38	SPEAKER_00
 You know what kind of dialogue acts do you expect? I think that would help you pin down what the definitions are

0:26:47	SPEAKER_05
 So for dialogue there would be some kind of interaction structure So for in previous discussed studies especially in discussed analysis exchange issues to describe this kind of local structure and In conversation analysis so adjutants appears are used to describe this kind of structure But in this to Strands of work they just come up with a list Maybe not Exhaustive so I've been thinking about if we could come up with some kind of more principle scheme Taking some of the information in the In the interaction into account like is the small part of interaction is is exchanging some information Here information is a little vague which could be some kind of knowledge what the speaker knows or Or some kind of thought what the speaker is thinking so this to kind of to kinds of information Might be some kind of difference. So this is a little bit like the bells exchange of information For the knowledge of exchange of opinion Some kind of so it's very related to thought of thinking. Yeah

0:28:39	SPEAKER_00
 Do you think it matters whether something is knowledge or opinion in the way it contributes to the group process?

0:28:46	SPEAKER_05
 In some case it differs because When we exchange knowledge we might not challenge the speaker but when the speaker is Is talk about what he feels what he thinks Is proposing something or then other speakers might My challenge him or her

0:29:14	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, I said I've always taken the view that They well people aren't very good at at this kind of rationality You know and the difference between information and opinion isn't that prominent in the way people do their reasoning so

0:29:30	SPEAKER_05
 But that might be some difference into interaction part patterns might be because for information if we somebody's seeking some information then he asked some question and the one knows will give gives the answer but For the opinion I thought stuff and the speaker might just To present some idea and others will command or a challenge

0:30:04	SPEAKER_00
 the idea well you can't define them that way you can't define the difference between information and opinion that way because that's Basically defining is the what happened about it And I think what tends to happen is that if people challenge the the facts you often discover that They weren't actually solid facts anyway, you know that yeah, I think the boundary between these is So I guess the question is is it important to What what's it important to so do you need the difference between information and opinion to do this analysis?

0:30:46	SPEAKER_05
 Because so far I'm still looking for a So card principle scheme for the interaction

0:30:56	SPEAKER_04
 For the interactions so so what have you been looking at yeah, I was just gonna yeah, it would be useful to know what

0:31:04	SPEAKER_00
 You you've got books that high and you're that's which ones are they yes, so yeah for

0:31:10	SPEAKER_05
 Discost analysis they're using exchange, but so they have no No occasion just but who's they that's the question because you mean Who singly uncut that That is permeance and our search Geneva school they I don't think they lists some kind of fixed change, but the extreme structure and Yeah, exchange is first of developing systemic function of grammar along see how did the and Martin working and so Actually, they have some something in in a textbook about the exchange They call it negotiation, so they have some flow charts of the detailed analysis of exchange structure yeah, okay, so

0:32:03	SPEAKER_00
 I'm sort of getting that you think there's a lack in the theory to do with exchange structure But I'm not quite clear yet what you think the lack is so

0:32:13	SPEAKER_05
 So I don't think there is any kind of principle classification of exchanges This is

0:32:24	SPEAKER_00
 Well, are you Thinking it's been a while since I've read this literature, but I mean my understanding of exchanges is that the initiating move introduces a goal to the discourse and then the remaining moves will contribute to either the The meeting of that discourse goal or the decision not to bother with that discourse goal, right? And so I'd be surprised if there wasn't work describing Things in those terms. I mean, I know Sinclair and Colte is basically I have a kind of structure. Yeah, yeah, so you wouldn't expect that to necessarily Apply In in wider contexts in a way like you might expect to have to extend the theory to do that But I think there are other other people have looked at exchange structure and described it in these terms in a way that should really suit your needs

0:33:26	SPEAKER_05
 because From my previous experience with the analyst analysis of information seeking dialogues of telephones, so it's About the tourism information so from My analysis of that kind of dialogues. I could say that there's only there are only four basic exchanges Depend on the information a direction of information flow and also the speaker Joe because in the information seeking dialogues the Rose of the two participants are different. One is Manly the From the agency and tourism agency that is ma'am information provider While the customer is the emissic manly. Yeah, so there are and also the direction of information flows for some kind of information like as the price of a specific route the spots they're going to visit and also on the kinds of

0:34:34	SPEAKER_00
 We a week or a lot like George Horton's work on saying what are the different parameters for these exchanges?

0:34:43	SPEAKER_05
 That characterize the set of exchanges that can yeah. Yeah, yeah, but there are some variations which I call complex exchanges so that's just a list not like the basic exchange

0:34:58	SPEAKER_00
 So is your complaint less about Less about knowing what makes an exchange and more about knowing how you parameterize exchanges for this genre So what's the range? Okay, so you're worried about what's the range of exchange types for this genre and that's what you think

0:35:15	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, I'm looking for a game. Yeah. Yeah, that's Parameter or principle. Yeah, something like Yeah, yeah, and also yeah, and also in because in millions the speakers might might report something They've died in the past and Talk about what they are currently doing and also planning some future actions

0:35:45	SPEAKER_00
 So this kind of information might also be helpful. Have you tried? I mean I know of one previous attempt to establish what exchanges are needed for some kinds of industry meetings and Our experience in that project was that you can't really identify exchange structures in these meetings because they they don't really follow that pattern that exchanges are clear in Well They're clearer in when you've got fewer people so there's fewer people trying to pull the discourse goals in different directions Yeah, and they're clearer when Your goals are quite limited So when you've just got information exchange and you know The or there's a clear task that the people are trying to do and they're focused on that task as is normal in dialogue elicitation like map task or like you're Like you're information which like your information seeking dialogues, which wasn't dialogue elicitation, but it was very constrained in genre Yeah, so the the answer to the question might be nobody knows what the catalog of exchanges is for real meetings because or for these decision-making meetings because you can't identify exchanges, right?

0:36:56	SPEAKER_00
 So have you gone through the meetings and looked for initiations and responses with without a prior catalog just knowing that an initiation introduces a new discourse goal and a response Meets or negates that goal in some way. Yeah, so have you tried marking these exchanges?

0:37:14	SPEAKER_05
 I'm not marking just from my reading of the I S one oh eight for meeting series. Yeah, just to read in this part. Yeah

0:37:24	SPEAKER_04
 Well, I mean, I think that I Don't know Probably good to hear you know more of your presentation because I think there are lots of different candidates And you certainly can't go through and mark up every meeting. I mean mark up meetings with every scheme we think of so I think we have to kind of get an overview of what the candidates are and If there's like two or three that we think are good contenders, then we try to see what works

0:37:50	SPEAKER_00
 But a reading of this, you know could tell you that there is no case where you're going to be looking for initiation and responses That's going to work Yeah, because you could go through and see that actually the pattern of addressing different discourse goals is too dispersed to To be able to do that kind of mark up, but I yeah, I mean obviously you want to

0:38:11	SPEAKER_04
 Run or scheme in mind before you are a lot more options. So so let's see what what else you've got okay

0:38:18	SPEAKER_05
 So this is for the dialogue part For my luck, so this is it. Oh, that's it. Oh, so that was it on dialogue. Yeah, okay

0:38:28	SPEAKER_04
 So it's very unclear to me why you think exchange of information is more principled Did you I mean what did you have specific schemes in mind there?

0:38:47	SPEAKER_04
 People's work that you were

0:38:49	SPEAKER_05
 Mm-hmm because for the information and action the action here is not that act but some kind of Physic collection that The participant Is going to Or has done in the past is going to do the future

0:39:15	SPEAKER_00
 Do you mean in action in terms of what the group is requiring them to do or do you mean an action in like picking something up? So action in the technical meeting sensor just action in the physical sense physical sense, yeah, right

0:39:29	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, so this kind of my busy some kind of semantics of the address or Our exchange So this is just one thing I want parameter

0:39:45	SPEAKER_04
 But can you give us an example of a scheme that's based on exchange of information? I

0:39:54	SPEAKER_05
 Mean here the scheme is for exchange scheme So yeah for okay for exchange of information So they might be busy Speak and he here so who speaks to whom and So this is the So direction of information flow and nor so so speaker though might be first parameters for the information exchanges so but for action that might be some kind of proposed or accept or reject kind of

0:40:41	SPEAKER_00
 Exchange structure. I mean oh, so that's not a physical action, right? If I pick this up just physical action you can't reject them. No, no, that's that's the

0:40:57	SPEAKER_05
 So we're going to do something and And so could you do something or this kind of

0:41:04	SPEAKER_00
 Action related up and semi right that's right. That's a action in the sort of technical sense of meetings So you are actioned to do something. Yeah, which is part of the permanent record. Okay. Yeah, yeah, okay

0:41:19	SPEAKER_04
 Okay, so I mean I think that there are a lot of things that we have to look at before I mean

0:41:26	SPEAKER_05
 Before come up with the scheme we mean yeah, I mean and

0:41:32	SPEAKER_00
 Well, there are very few schemes for marking up exchanges on actual data, right because people haven't Considered it very important. Well, I always thought they get tired after marking up the dialogue move So they never bother with any higher level dialogue structure So we did it in the map task But I don't actually know of other cases where people bothered marking any anything higher level than the map then the move structure Right

0:41:59	SPEAKER_04
 Well, you don't have a lot of power

0:42:02	SPEAKER_05
 Stand yes, that might doesn't oh, yes, sorry

0:42:05	SPEAKER_00
 But it it's not been very popular. No partly because it makes okay, so

0:42:12	SPEAKER_04
 Have you looked at Nate Blalock's work?

0:42:15	SPEAKER_05
 So I might not familiar with these so he has things like you know adopt

0:42:24	SPEAKER_04
 So basically it's to You know collaborative problem-solving Yeah, more than one person involved and trying to characterize things as You know if I Can't remember that I can't remember the names of all the actions In the coconut project or something no so so the coconut project is a project that I did with rich Thomas and

0:42:53	SPEAKER_05
 Barbara D. Jean. Yeah, have you looked at that? Not very clear. No

0:42:58	SPEAKER_04
 Well, there's a lot of detail in the paper, but you haven't looked at it in very much detail Okay, so I think you should okay Because it was all these things that are done for joint problem-solving and joint action I think are very relevant to look at because these people are solving a problem together, right?

0:43:16	SPEAKER_04
 so While these schemes may not have they have some of the essential components that you need to characterize joint problem-solving so while You may think that they're missing something Then we could certainly augment them, but I think that they have to be looked at and so so Nate Blalock tried to okay so you know from Gross and Kraus and gross and sidener came all this stuff about shared plans and how you really can't understand you know dialogue Unless you understand shared plans, but the actual theoretical or formalization of it was incredibly complex and so Lockball simplified it quite and you know sidener and rich and collagen have simplified it quite a bit but Nate Blalock tried to You know define You know what happens after somebody suggests something well you can adopt it you can I can't remember You know okay, but he has a tax on me

0:44:24	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, right in terms of and student yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah exactly right

0:44:30	SPEAKER_04
 Which we tried to apply to tutoring, but it actually doesn't work very well for tutoring because tutoring is totally different ballgame, but It you know we spent a fair amount of time looking at it and it did strike me that for joint problem-solving there There were some good ideas and there is you know a set of tags and what they mean, and you know that sort of thing And then you can also look at you know, you know Clark on joint action now He's not going to give you a set of tags because that's not the kind of guy he is but But the overarching idea you know, I mean I think accounts for a lot of the ways in which You know these other people are thinking, but I mean I think that we We basically have to merge some of this stuff that's been done You know on meetings with some of the stuff that's been done on collaborative problem-solving because there's elements of each

0:45:28	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, it seemed really important and well the first step is find out in the what how much of the material does the collaborative problem-solving cover? So how much of a genre clash is there here?

0:45:38	SPEAKER_04
 Because it really seems to me that you know if you look at and some of this stuff on exchanges like ancient and you know They didn't have the ability to mark up lots of data and count things, you know So I mean all the conversational analysis stuff. I mean those guys never count anything You know, I mean So they see a pattern and they think it's kind of cute and then they scour the world for third-turn repairs You know, they don't actually well they how often do those happen?

0:46:05	SPEAKER_04
 I mean they were I mean, I know Manny Shagla really well and they're not counters. They're purposely not counters They yeah define themselves as non counters

0:46:12	SPEAKER_00
 But there are people in the field that are moving that direction like Martin and also what's important here is the theoretical clarity about What an initiation and a response is so what is it that ties?

0:46:24	SPEAKER_00
 Different acts together at a higher level. Yeah, I mean it does seem like you know

0:46:29	SPEAKER_04
 there's something that we want from that and then there's something that we want from collaborative problem-solving and If you if you take the exchange stuff, it's not going to quite do everything you want And if you look at the collaborative problem-solving stuff, maybe it won't do everything that you want and so

0:46:47	SPEAKER_00
 But I think more important than looking at whether parts of the meeting are highly interactive or not so interactive is Is looking at what sort of tasks the people are trying to do at the moment so, you know, are they doing?

0:47:03	SPEAKER_00
 Are they as in the kickoff meeting just exchanging information to get started with the project or are they?

0:47:12	SPEAKER_00
 Actually addressing some specific design criteria at the moment should try to decide which shape the thing is Because that's going to affect the kinds of relations that you get between the utterances and so that is much more like the the literature from the graph about the different kinds of activities group get into so I think that's another thing that has to be pulled into this because You do require different Different kinds of relations or you expect different kinds of relations from some overarching set in those different kinds of activities

0:47:49	SPEAKER_05
 So many actions that guess might be some some high level problem-solving decision-making In concepts not like the exchange which which I I would like to be very low level utterance relations So what's the high level version again? I mean, I mean the main actions might be some right, okay

0:48:18	SPEAKER_00
 The meeting actions is just going to be a segmentation. It's not going to present any any microstructure Okay, so I was just gonna say from here to here. They're doing something. That's all that scheme is gonna do

0:48:30	SPEAKER_04
 Somebody's writing on the whiteboard or I mean the meeting actions they presented at the review It's really low level to me like somebody stood up. That's not no those well

0:48:40	SPEAKER_00
 That's individual actions and the meeting actions are meant to become more Semantic and more theoretical and that the kind ED up have traditionally used okay, so okay So we need to still preserve some sense of the activity But rather than saying it is somebody's at the whiteboard It'll be you know that somebody's explaining something that the others are I mean I realized it's important to recognize that

0:49:03	SPEAKER_04
 You know Whitchin got up and went to the whiteboard. I realized that's important. You know yeah, I Was kind of surprised that those were meeting actions

0:49:13	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah Yeah, the the main actions that you're talking about I think might be a bit up from the exchange At least exchange might be important information

0:49:29	SPEAKER_00
 Well, you might need the meeting action segmentation in order to know where what What area you're circumnating for so it's just exchange structure in this area that you're looking at and then that's a solid boundary Between the next bit or something. I don't know But well Times getting on yeah, so you know what practical things can we do to help this work move forward so show what else

0:49:57	SPEAKER_05
 You're thinking from Molok I have not looked into the details about the this kind of relations for the Molok part Just a list of these relations So Next I need to Review the literature and come up with schemes for the real data annotation and of that We because this is not in the half cops so We are not going to get all the millions and they're with kind of information so So we might just first try a few millions and have a reliability study if it's reliable enough then we must just Just and they small part of the millions and using some learning techniques to put both straps the Automatic and lies

0:51:11	SPEAKER_00
 Well marking up exchange structure if if it's there and if If you've got a working scheme for it is relatively cheap. It's a lot cheaper than doing that

0:51:22	SPEAKER_05
 If it's best on the That I yeah

0:51:27	SPEAKER_00
 Right well what presumes it is otherwise it's going to be Radically expensive to do any kind of mark up so You know it's something that we can look at but you need to what we need it's more important than knowing You know that we need to exchange structure marked up on X amount of data at this point is knowing Where you're headed with this I think so what's the good that that?

0:51:52	SPEAKER_00
 Project gets out of this in the end so you know what's the what's the headline results of the work on the project?

0:51:59	SPEAKER_00
 I think is is what we're trying to get a sense of here Yeah, so you get your exchange structure marked up and say we just put in the money Good exchange structure marked up on that entire hub or you know figure out how to beat strap it so we we get this How do you how do you sell that as a as a project goal, you know because people are gonna say exchange structure so what?

0:52:26	SPEAKER_00
 What do what do you what how do you plug that into?

0:52:30	SPEAKER_05
 Right yeah Okay, so Mmm This might not be The final goal that could be fit into the browser but it might be some kind of Information which might benefit many actions or some more higher of decision making all problem solving because this Is the building blocks I guess yeah?

0:53:06	SPEAKER_00
 Because I think that just to make this more efficient You should be thinking about the high-level goal in order to focus the work that you're doing rather than thinking well You know there's these theories, you know, how can we play these theories to it?

0:53:22	SPEAKER_00
 And then seeing what comes out of that that might be useful for the meeting browser actually trying to say yeah We have a goal of being able to do this with the meeting browser What kinds of dialogue structure would we need to be able to do that?

0:53:34	SPEAKER_00
 I mean, I don't know maybe you want to disagree with that, but I this more goal directed might actually make it easier to Bring these things to publication in the long run, right?

0:53:45	SPEAKER_04
 Well, I think we should approach it both ways. I mean, you know, I You know the meaning browser people have a lot of constraints and so what they end up with Saying is most critical for them right now might not be the most interesting thing in the longer right?

0:54:04	SPEAKER_00
 It's not necessarily what they say, but it's something at least identify something that we'd hope to get out of it

0:54:09	SPEAKER_04
 You know, right. I mean people said over and over again that they would like to understand how a decision has evolved right and I think that Well, I don't know if all of this low-level stuff would allow you to track that kind of thing but it might at least be the building blocks of allowing you to track that kind of thing

0:54:31	SPEAKER_05
 after this if We might do some From here you might be some higher level Yeah, I mean

0:54:42	SPEAKER_04
 So I mean I think it's clear that something at this level needs to be there I mean and to ask questions like who disagreed or were there any counter proposals or whatever even those kind of questions

0:54:55	SPEAKER_00
 You need some kind of markup like this. It just helps you know which theory you should be concentrating on so, you know That immediately discounts exchange Structures that are mostly for information seeking alone because the notion of exchanges to restrict it there and in favor of These these more argumentative things so I mean I do think you should keep in mind what the final goal is so that you can plug this into something at the end and Show some benefit of having the markup

0:55:23	SPEAKER_04
 Well, that brings up something interesting because I think probably what we should do is try to get You know some of these Tasks sort of put on you know sort of as part of the official agenda so being able to answer questions like Were there any counter proposals to the you know banana shape or whatever Or to some specific you know recommendation and things like that. I mean You know those you know strike me as clear things that you know people who go to decision-making meetings Want to know if they've missed one or arriving or anything like that so it seems like we should probably get Some of these things on the official agenda and say look, you know Wouldn't it be nice if you could have answers to these questions?

0:56:14	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, I mean operationally it's not gonna make much difference whether it's hub or not right because We've got the bank of people we have to get the hub stuff through but You know he's not ready with an annotation scheme that can be used at the moment anyway So no and it's not that expensive

0:56:31	SPEAKER_04
 I mean it's something that we can afford off budget and I think we wouldn't want to necessarily do this on I think the XC data is too

0:56:38	SPEAKER_00
 Complex

0:56:40	SPEAKER_04
 Yeah decisions made you know that you could clearly identify it. I mean there are some but And not that I've read more about two meetings, but um I think you know Well, so one thing that's gonna be interesting is they I think to me is the What can you do because presumably the DFKI folk or somebody is gonna mark up a lot of the data with sort of tags about ontology, right?

0:57:12	SPEAKER_04
 So we know you know somebody will have gone in by hand and sort of marked up some something will like shallow Semanticy kinds of things right yeah, that's not how by there, but yeah Things but that but you know not really in a formal language, but mostly just you know tags, right?

0:57:32	SPEAKER_04
 um and then the question is well How does you know just?

0:57:39	SPEAKER_04
 The way people typically do this is you know Let's take these semantic features into it or these features into account and see how well we do with the the learning And then let's throw these features out and see how well we do because we know we're gonna have them because One or two sites is really are really interested in this ontology stuff, right? I mean TNO is and DFKI is right so there will be some kind of domain semantics and there will also be presumably some kind of task hierarchy modeling going on in I mean because in the whole browser working group Final Sort of presentation on that second day was about You know knowing the task right and very you know details about Which task is this you know which sub task is this?

0:58:41	SPEAKER_04
 little chunk of the meeting addressing and Furthering in various ways right?

0:58:47	SPEAKER_04
 which Seems like it will be really hard in an open domain Well, I don't remember that about the I mean you remember once Steve came in Steve Whitaker came in at the end and said You know they'd spent the morning Talking and they came up with this idea

0:59:07	SPEAKER_00
 Oh, but that was about what test the person doing the browsing was gonna do They didn't say anything about what sort of information they'd want from the meeting itself. It was about

0:59:17	SPEAKER_01
 They just mentioned that they want the station Issues action items. I think they are more talking about user requirement for the meeting Then subtext they want to know

0:59:35	SPEAKER_04
 No, they said people are talking about tasks, you know I mean they really they made it clear that they were that was the browser task

0:59:44	SPEAKER_00
 You know they've identified these seven different tasks people might want to do with browsers You know like join a meeting late and Catch up on what's happened in the meeting so far be at home waiting for the washing repair guy

0:59:57	SPEAKER_04
 No, those are the those are the scenarios those are the user scenarios The task went what he came back and said that at the end I mean it actually kind of scared me because it was all based around tasks Okay, well and and the domain tasks, okay, they're now they now have to decide how many buttons to put on this thing I mean it was all about the domain task Okay, and it is really and given that it's really scary to think about What you could possibly do in an open domain where you don't where you don't know what the tasks are and I don't think you're gonna Be able to figure them out Very reliably

1:00:39	SPEAKER_00
 But I thought you wanted to avoid doing stuff that was stuck in this particular domain if possible

1:00:44	SPEAKER_04
 But you know I they were concentrating project is you know focused on ami hub data as their first priority

1:00:52	SPEAKER_00
 Well, yeah But that doesn't mean you have to be using the techniques that you can be using open no no no no but I mean if the if the if

1:01:03	SPEAKER_04
 they had They had this sort of epiphany at the end of this meeting where they decided well, why are people browsing this?

1:01:10	SPEAKER_04
 Well, it's all to see how you know how the participants were furthering their tasks

1:01:22	SPEAKER_00
 And you don't think that can be done in open domain at all Because we don't want to get into working with ontologies But one of the strengths of this grouping was that you know, they'll work with the closed domain Ontologies and will do the open domain side of things

1:01:39	SPEAKER_04
 I don't know well right and then yes, and then there was this confusion about the Last spider phone conference that the messages telling people to call Came out after the meeting happened at least to some of us. Oh, right. Yeah, so we don't know what happened at that one. Yeah So I mean we'll get that back on track, but I think that we don't you know, there will be some meeting browser demo that You know, I think it's an interesting question of okay Well, if you have knowledge here's what you can do if you don't have that knowledge You have to do different things and you know, you can't necessarily

1:02:23	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, so you advising wishing that he should be using like any ontologies in propositional content that DFKI and Tino bank in the CVS repository or

1:02:37	SPEAKER_04
 When he does learn these learning experiments He should do him two ways because he will have the opportunity with or without and we can see like well without You know these tags, so you know Alex was showing Yesterday well without knowing the head word of the utterance at the leaf, you know You get these kinds of results and when you add that in you get these other kinds of results and you know, I'm in future combination Yeah So I think if we have those features It's you know, it's a rare our rare opportunity that you can actually try you can try one head to head against the other And then of course to make sure that you really I

1:03:22	SPEAKER_00
 Don't know when they'll bank these by the way because that's it's not hub. So It's one of these things where everybody's supposed to bank as many things as possible, right?

1:03:30	SPEAKER_04
 So, you know, well, we won't I mean we won't use them till they're ready obviously so we might do the Sort of open domain. I mean, although it will be a closed domain. I mean we we can't use any domain information necessarily I mean There probably are a bunch of issues Like if you've got a hundred hours of meetings and they all talk about a lot of the same things Yeah, it's not really an open domain test It's not really open domain and somehow that sneaks into all the statistics anyway because you don't have such a wide

1:04:06	SPEAKER_00
 Vocabulary and well eventually the hub is supposed to be 40% non-scenario Right, but that data is definitely gonna be coming in the last so sure so we might find that when we move from

1:04:18	SPEAKER_04
 What we thought was open domain, but on the hub You know our results go down when we truly are

1:04:25	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah Getting meeting yeah, that'll be interesting. We've got five ISCO meetings actually which are still an elicitation task But they're not our domain so that should help some Okay, well, that's good. They've been declared help so so they'll accrue all of the normal annotations Of course, yeah, you'll never get the TNO and DFK I stop on it because they're only building stuff for the one that they

1:04:50	SPEAKER_04
 Okay, so okay, so we want to decide What we should do next and maybe Think about meeting and I don't know yeah, just figure out how we're gonna help them. Yeah to try to make this more efficient So before we do that can I just ask you a question about chunking in the beginning you said something about you were doing this chunking Are you doing it on the ixi data, but this was did you say it wasn't picked up in ami or I was confused?

1:05:25	SPEAKER_05
 I mean I was supposed to Part of the ami meetings in order to see if the chunk or channel sweet bar works well enough not if not then We have to use some kind of sims if suffice Any or was what's happening to to to do is a chunking and you haven't done it yet No, no, cuz I was a bit worried about to just kind of

1:05:56	SPEAKER_04
 That's fine. So that's still on the agenda to do it

1:05:59	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, but we should make sure we finish that off because otherwise that works just wasted right yeah exactly

1:06:04	SPEAKER_04
 We're gonna use chunks for something useful. Yeah, well be so I mean entities if nothing else right or Building blocks. I mean so I Mean we have to think about house chunking interacts with the automatic segmentation, you know because Barbara Which level the low level uh-huh dialogue act yeah And I mean it seems to me that chunking should have some kind of So if if your dialogue act segment or says there's yeah, there's a segment here But your chunker said no, this is a coherent chunk. Yeah, then it's a problem. Yeah, you know I mean maybe they could work together to do a better job then

1:06:51	SPEAKER_00
 Certainly if you've got chunks that ought to help you know where your dialogue at boundaries better now be right yeah Yeah, and it may be even more mechanical than that based on the Examples we're seeing from DFKI because they're their hand marking stuff and the dialogue act boundaries is supposed to be intentional But they seem to always be marking them that After herbs, you know with claws right it's very it looks quite mechanical So we're querying them about this because that's not the way they're supposed to be doing it right okay?

1:07:26	SPEAKER_04
 Good so it sounds like well hold on

1:07:30	SPEAKER_00
 But when do we need chunking by and it you know so I don't like the idea that you know you start something and then 18 Months later you pick up to do the last ten percent of the work to finish it off or whatever so it I like things kind of tidy Right so how much are left and when do we actually need it by would be useful discuss?

1:07:52	SPEAKER_04
 Well, you wanted to do the chunking on the ami data right yeah because the ami data is is

1:07:58	SPEAKER_00
 There there's I mean there's the days transcribed I think of in final form you we can check the wikis But you know the data is rolling in

1:08:07	SPEAKER_04
 So so we got stuck at some point on evaluation of chunking right the problem was You didn't have XE data that was hand labeled for chunks and we decided labeling the XE data for chunks would be Probably difficult and maybe not very useful and so it Barbara still says somebody's done this for chunks

1:08:32	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, I'll have to look up okay

1:08:34	SPEAKER_04
 So if there if there was if there was hand labeled data that you could evaluate again so train on some and evaluate on some Wouldn't that because you've trained on switchboard right where there there are chunks So if you had some ixi data that you could maybe use I Don't know As a what's the there's there's a training set and then there's the development set and then there's the test set Maybe you use some chunk ixi stuff as development or something Do some last tweaks and then evaluate But you know I mean I can see why I waiting didn't want to spend this time chunking ixi Which means we have to get some portion of the data had chunked

1:09:29	SPEAKER_00
 Mm-hmm but That should be that hard to do right how much data you need

1:09:38	SPEAKER_04
 How much I don't really what was that? There's a much And switchboard

1:09:46	SPEAKER_00
 Switchboard is all chunked. Yeah. Yeah, the data how much data you need was not a problem with the switchboard because He had lots so he didn't have to think about how much so we need to know how much data you need hand chunked Well, and then how do you hand chunk stuff, right? So you were working on instructions for doing hand chunking

1:10:05	SPEAKER_04
 No, you had pen tree bank parses and you for switchboard. Yeah, but then there were two possible options for

1:10:11	SPEAKER_00
 For doing this on the ami data you could either Essentially go the same route as they did with the switchboard You know did the pen tree bank and then create the chunks off that or you could chunk directly and it wasn't clear What's one of those two methods was the right way to do this?

1:10:28	SPEAKER_05
 Direct chunk because we are not going to use any tree out of the ami data

1:10:34	SPEAKER_04
 Right well, so you have to produce this part of the study gonna try anybody gonna try to parse the ami data You would have thought so but I don't know

1:10:42	SPEAKER_05
 Diff guy because they're working on some HPSG. Oh, yes. Yeah, but that's not very similar

1:10:56	SPEAKER_00
 Well, I don't know very much about grammar is that similar enough that the same method could apply that we derived chunks off the HPSG

1:11:04	SPEAKER_05
 I guess if they are different than we might just right not script do the translation. I

1:11:14	SPEAKER_00
 Think you might lose a lot in you know the step so basically your your chunkers trained on something It was derived off pen tree bank and it might be different enough that that actually Causes it not to match, you know if you're suddenly evaluating against chunks that we're done using HPSG

1:11:30	SPEAKER_05
 I don't know about grammar, but you know look at some of those details to see well

1:11:35	SPEAKER_04
 They're using the ERG right which probably has Maybe finer which I believe has finer grain distinctions and and different

1:11:45	SPEAKER_00
 And the mapping should be pretty difficult for this right or is it easy to map between

1:11:50	SPEAKER_04
 finer grade distinctions. It's I'm it's probably easy to dumb down the HPSG parse to Because the pen tree bank parses are pretty minimal because they didn't want to commit to a specific grammatical theory so I Mean it probably is worth looking at Because they're doing this with Dan Flickencher right which is the same Parser as the Redwoods tree bank was made with That Alex talked about yesterday so you can look at Redwoods parses And see how different they are from Tree bank parses and you might want to talk to Alex to find out if somebody's already done this Turn Redwood stuff into tree bank stuff so that they can compare You know against results that are reported on tree bank the names would suggest that this was the idea right?

1:12:47	SPEAKER_04
 Well, that was the idea I believe but It was supposed to be another tree bank

1:13:03	SPEAKER_00
 Right so That sort of assumes that we think it's better to do this by deriving chunks from Some parsed format then just hand chunking the stuff

1:13:15	SPEAKER_04
 Well a good thing about that is that then you know that When you go through and parse You'll be getting the same chunks is when you do this process automatically because the problem when you go through and hand do it Is then suddenly you introduce your automatic method and your accuracy goes?

1:13:32	SPEAKER_04
 Can go way down and sometimes it doesn't if you know sort of for part of speech tagging, you know Whether you do it by hand or machine, it's pretty much the same accuracy, right?

1:13:40	SPEAKER_00
 But so let's try it this way and then that that puts off the question of when do we have to do this to when we get HPSG stuff, right?

1:13:49	SPEAKER_00
 So can you ask?

1:13:52	SPEAKER_00
 DFKI whether they can give us a couple of many meetings run through their HPSG process I don't even know what time scale they had in mind I mean, is this something they were doing it at the moment, but I don't know whether this was very preliminary or

1:14:05	SPEAKER_04
 Do you remember they talked about it at the meeting that we went to in Twenty yeah, I was thinking ends today. Why can't I remember the right name of this place? Yes, 20 which You were there Jean yeah, yeah You're expecting me to remember stuff aren't you no no no no no I know you missed a meeting and oh yeah And so there they're I don't even know which one I missed you missed out to one on TNO TNO. Okay

1:14:46	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, I wasn't there so I don't know where it was

1:14:49	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, difficult This some work in a mobile project with the HPSG person Yeah

1:14:58	SPEAKER_04
 Which project sorry I didn't get a little mobile right yes, yes, they did So ask them right well that's that's what Alex talked about yesterday, right?

1:15:08	SPEAKER_04
 The parse I mean that wasn't something she did, but that's the data. She's using right So we have all that stuff here, you know the parsed verb mobile material so You can look at that and see what the parse trees look like You don't need to wait For DFK I and if it turns out that you think oh there's no way I can map these into pantry bank style bracketing then Then we have to think of something else right But I think they had that in mind so it's it's worth also talking to her about that okay good So it's

1:15:55	SPEAKER_00
 Talk to Alex see if it looks like it maps by looking at the verb mobile if it does SDF KI either for data or a timescale and you're gonna need to know how much data you need In order to do that so do you have a technique for estimating how much data you need?

1:16:14	SPEAKER_05
 Not sure I

1:16:16	SPEAKER_00
 Don't know how you do that so who knows how you do that I

1:16:19	SPEAKER_04
 Everybody always says there's no data like more data. Okay, so just has DFKI how much data at when right? You know I mean the typical thing is to do leave one out cross validation with you know Yeah, I know 89 dialogues. Okay, so I train on 88 All right train on 1,999 99

1:16:47	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, but we don't have any particular time in mind when we need a chunker that works on this stuff

1:16:52	SPEAKER_04
 So well the question the question is what what is chunking gonna help? I mean I? Think chunking could help automatic dialogue segmentation I think chunking could help as you mentioned named entity recognition

1:17:06	SPEAKER_00
 Well, like if we did a chunked version of the AMI data and stuck it in the CVS under the automatic contributions Mm-hmm then people would end up using it because they do that right. Mm-hmm. So the question is at what stage should we put that in?

1:17:21	SPEAKER_04
 Well, we'd want to make sure we're pretty happy that it's reliable. Yeah, so post evaluation

1:17:26	SPEAKER_00
 So we can put in some idea of what the evaluation is like. Yeah, I mean otherwise

1:17:32	SPEAKER_04
 You get these very bizarre results because the data is not really very good So but I nobody has expressed like massive interest in in chunking. So I think you know, nobody's Nobody's relying on this summer, but we could we I think we should Talk to Barbara about how to do some joint experiments or if she's gonna be sending other people maybe Liz or whoever comes over next time And it would actually be great if it was Liz because I think she Is the one who did the dialogue act segmentation? So when do you think that would be when she said she just said that Hopefully by the next meeting she would be bringing someone else or someone else would be coming instead of her

1:18:15	SPEAKER_00
 But that's a pretty tight time scale then right because it'd be for the fall. We'd want to know the evaluation Is that the time scale you're thinking of not to have not to have it done?

1:18:24	SPEAKER_04
 But just to talk about how it could how can interact with automatic dialogue?

1:18:29	SPEAKER_04
 Accentation and we I guess we should talk to Yoshi about about it in relationship to named entities Who's doing named entities besides Yoshi? That's all I think okay, so we could talk to vessel about that as well

1:18:44	SPEAKER_00
 I think you should still ask Barbara again You know, can you have another think about who might have the chunking stuff because she has said several times There must be somebody and she can help with that and I think she's just forgotten and then and then we can evaluate on the XC You know pretty easily

1:19:05	SPEAKER_04
 So one thing that would be very helpful for me because I haven't read I Think we're in a situation where gene, you know has read a lot of literature and I've read a lot of literature And we there is some overlap, but there's also quite a big space where We don't know the literature from the other side and since you're gonna be reading it I mean it would be probably be useful if you made some kind of You know report that described, you know, okay, this is what these people, you know, this is You know a synthesis, okay Here's the basic idea behind exchange structure and you know, here's a couple of you know Here's the two most relevant works that I've read or something like that, you know

1:19:44	SPEAKER_00
 Even if it's just you know on a wiki the the references and then why they're relevant, right? I mean you don't want to make this or even just like a paragraph of yeah

1:19:55	SPEAKER_04
 Just because you know obviously I'm not gonna go read often read all this kind of stuff because I don't have time and you probably don't have time to read all this

1:20:02	SPEAKER_00
 Collaborative problem, but that would help us be a lot more specific than then just You know listing bullet points on slides because then we'd know sort of which literature you're thinking of Now putting in and we could read the most important

1:20:15	SPEAKER_04
 Well in any way every time you write a paper you've got to go back and do this related work anyway, so it just It just makes it a lot easier to get that Common ground I think you know, I think it's a real advantage that we've Read different things and come at it from a different side because I think this hat they the previous approaches haven't really You know taking Yeah You know The good features from you know both sides and and tried to put them together

1:20:48	SPEAKER_00
 I'm gonna have to go very soon because I've got this this hearing to go to but I Can send you the practical actions, you know, what are the things we're gonna go away and do?

1:20:59	SPEAKER_04
 Well, I think we both want to send Well, I don't know maybe you've already done this but you know I will send you or we can you know chat offline for a minute about the list of things that I think you really need to take a look at And Jean probably maybe you should do the same And if Sabrina has any ideas we'd be happy to hear from Sabrina as well

1:21:23	SPEAKER_01
 I'm trying to do the meeting action segmentation because after talking to Jane Just we have different ideas whether meeting action will be about the same size as topi segments. Okay It will be good to Right now I'm doing this looking at the data I'm trying to see if I can do the meeting action segmentation first on the skin and then do topi segmentation again To see if the boundary actually coincide with each other Yeah, if that that do then maybe we can talk again here whether

1:22:04	SPEAKER_00
 So you can do this exercise and then come and talk to me sometime next week. I'm not in Monday, but the other days

1:22:10	SPEAKER_01
 I'll be around. All right. Yeah, I have just started and so far I Think it's I think it's a still about this about the stand level of segmentation We're talking here, but yeah, maybe the boundary will not be exactly the same Yeah

1:22:32	SPEAKER_00
 I don't think we can afford to look at this right now. So why don't you bring it by next week Yeah, and what I really want to do concentrate just now is finding out how we're gonna help Waitching with with making progress on this. So we've already got you know He's gonna construct a list of the references He thinks is important and Jana and I and and you as well are gonna contribute to that And we can put that on a wiki or we can do it some other way. I mean, you know, I'm wiki mad so If we share it it should go on a wiki because I can't find anything in my email, but you know, you don't have to do that and then How do we?

1:23:10	SPEAKER_00
 You're actually so what you're doing is taking all of the the the most important references for Finding argument structure that might eventually be of some use to a meeting browser and Trying to look at actual data and apply and and see like which one helps you figure out what you're actually gonna do with this particular data, right?

1:23:31	SPEAKER_00
 So it seems to me that we should take like the front-runner scheme and the data You should look at not front-runner scheme But front-runner theory and see if you can speak to the data, you know using that kind of theory at some point That but might be an interesting exercise, right? Well, I think we need to

1:23:52	SPEAKER_04
 like you mentioned earlier Factor in What this might be used for in the end and so even if it we won't it won't be used Maybe if it would need some higher-level analysis before it could be directly used for that purpose We should still keep that in mind and so I think going through The presentations that were given at the work package six meeting where And I think it was It wasn't was it Anita or was it Her name the other woman From Twente, you know, they talked about they did they had done a lot of questionnaires and they got some user requirements out of that and then Steve presented The results of following people around and looking at how they used their notes from meetings and and and so That would give us some ideas about, you know, what people want, you know out of meeting records But then we should also add things that we think yeah are interesting Yeah, but just to have to keep some of these goals in mind because there one scheme might let you answer this set of questions But wouldn't help you at all with another set of questions exactly

1:25:09	SPEAKER_00
 Yeah, so you want to go through basically the user requirements and you know Maybe think about some user requirements if you want to make a case for you know These are the kinds of things that we'd want and look you're gonna need

1:25:19	SPEAKER_04
 This kind of dialogue or argument structure for it. So should we expect that all the slides from like the work package six meeting or the joint work package five work But will be up on one of the work package websites and if we make that happen I'll think about that. Okay Some of this was presented in At least the one spider phone or the second spider phone Tell con I went to for work package six so If they're not on the web we can try to look at that You know at the materials that were presented in that telecom without necessarily listening to the whole telecom. Yeah

1:26:01	SPEAKER_00
 So we're just trying to get records. I mean, I'm sure they're not on the web and Steve

1:26:05	SPEAKER_04
 So and his I forgotten the name is it was it Simon? Yeah? Yeah, they they I think they may have written this up in a report But I would hope that's on the work package six website. Yeah as well

1:26:18	SPEAKER_00
 Okay, so so we're gonna go through the requirements like that and Did you think that's was reasonable to after that to try and actually, you know take some theory that seems fairly reasonable and think about

1:26:34	SPEAKER_04
 Once he's read a couple more. Yeah, I mean he's just completely missed out a collaborative problem solving world Which I really think we need to take into account. I mean you may take it into account and say no you're wrong and here's why but I'm gonna need some convincing

1:26:51	SPEAKER_00
 Yep

1:26:53	SPEAKER_04
 So then try a front runner scheme on well or two or two and see this one gives you this and this one and can you know Are they fundamentally incompatible or can we but try it in formula? Yeah? Yep?

1:27:05	SPEAKER_00
 Mm-hmm when do we get together again because I really do have to go. Okay. I promise these guys

1:27:10	SPEAKER_04
 I'd be there. I think this is gonna take about three weeks because he's got plenty of reading to do Uh-huh, so maybe we get together again reading lists before that though. So yeah, I mean I'll send him the references

1:27:21	SPEAKER_00
 I mean so we'll get together in about three weeks

1:27:24	SPEAKER_04
 Is that enough time for you do you think Is that enough time for you to to read and think about?

1:27:30	SPEAKER_04
 I would try my best if if it's too tight, you know, I think we can say for are you gonna be on holiday?

1:27:38	SPEAKER_05
 Yeah, because You're so it's a little tiring

1:27:44	SPEAKER_04
 Yeah, maybe four weeks Okay, so we should get together probably about four weeks. Yes, so when are you gonna bring this beautiful baby in to see everybody?

1:28:02	SPEAKER_04
 Good good, that's great

1:28:05	SPEAKER_00
 Right, I'm gonna head off. Yep. Well good luck because solving your problems. What's more important the dialogue structure. I'm afraid to

1:28:13	SPEAKER_04
 tick and tick Does something weird when you do this

1:28:45	None
 I We were trying to call up here to tell you that I was gonna be a I I We already told it

