0:00:00	SPEAKER_01
 Welcome to the first meeting of the Real Reactions Development Meetings for our new television remote control. As follows our very successful entry into the consumer market over the last year or so, which we wanted to build on, taking advantage of the latest developments in technology and the latest feelings in consumer design and demand. And we want to make this the very best product that's possible for everybody. We want everybody wants at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company. And to that end we need all to work together to do that. And it may be no particular order because everybody is just as vital to this project. I'll just go round to the table, Andrew marketing. Kendra with the designing the user interface and Kate with the industrial design. What the project is here to do is to get this project up and moving. Everybody is free to say whatever they want. Everybody has a contribution to make. Everybody feel free to interrupt me at any time to say what you want to say. In terms of the immediate meeting, every user of the company for a while. Anybody feels that they need to say more about themselves. Please do if anybody wants to, but briefly give their backgrounds.

0:02:21	SPEAKER_01
 Everybody is quite clear what everybody experiences. Please do so.

0:02:32	SPEAKER_01
 I'd welcome anybody to say something briefly about themselves. In fact, we will do that by going round the table quickly and saying what contribution you're looking to make. So we'll start with Andrew. My name is Andrew. I'm a

0:02:47	SPEAKER_00
 market research person for this meeting. This project we're creating this new workflow and I'll be projecting information on statistics on what people want to get from this new design. People want to look from a fashion

0:03:08	SPEAKER_03
 point of view and a practical point of view. I'm Kendra and I'm the user interface designer and I haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before, but I'm so I'll be working on the design. This means you haven't got any preconceived ideas. Right. Yep, I'm just open to being creative.

0:03:36	SPEAKER_02
 I'm Katie. I'm the industrial designer and I'll just be presenting about the interworking of our little remote control.

0:03:47	SPEAKER_01
 Okay, very quickly. I don't want to make this meeting too structured because the whole idea is of it. I think Tank, everybody says what they want to say and we don't want to be constrained by convention or slides on screens or anything else. But briefly, this is what we want to do. The remote control needs to be original. There has to be something about it that other remote controls don't have so that as soon as people see it they think, yes, that's different. I want one and that goes along with being trendy. I wanted scenario user friendly as we all know remote controls can be very user unfriendly. So we want to make ours one that people can pick up and think, oh yes that's obvious how that works. And they also want to look at the price and think, oh yeah, that's something that I may not need another remote control but it's such a nice one I'm going to have one. And last but not least or indeed first of all, it must make the company money and we make the company money by producing what the consumer wants. The further work to be done is the functional design, what it's what it must actually do, the conceptual design, how we actually present that to the consumer and the detailed design is how we get that into production.

0:05:50	SPEAKER_01
 Now the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is the whiteboard and this is very quickly do what it says in the prompt slide here.

0:06:10	SPEAKER_01
 If I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the wires that we don't do that. So every knows what whiteboard is so we'll do a virtual drawing on the whiteboard of your own favourite animal. Let's just go round the table.

0:06:39	SPEAKER_00
 Your favourite animal? Badger. Why? It's got a nice contrast, I feel

0:06:52	SPEAKER_01
 they're under dog kinestatus. My wife says my beard looks like a badger's

0:07:04	SPEAKER_03
 arms. Probably a duck. I like the way they look in there just nice animals and I like how they can fly or swim or walk around or whatever. Horses? No particular reason why.

0:07:19	SPEAKER_01
 I'm not sure that I've got any favourite animal to be quite honest. I think they're most happy because of their overall ability to make one by phones and to make TV ear mots. Indeed, absolutely. Yes, that's... Okay, and we need to keep in mind here that we want to sell this for 25 euro. We want to make an overall profit for the company of 50 million euro. So we're looking at selling a lot of these across the entire planet and we're looking at the gross profit of 50% in East Coast 12 euros 50 to make.

0:08:10	SPEAKER_01
 So we're not only looking at a very trendy original product, we're looking at making it at a very good price. Okay, would anybody like to start by giving their sort of quick views of current remote controls? Well, I think I find a lot of them

0:08:35	SPEAKER_03
 really complicated to use with all the different buttons and it's handiest when you have one that works both the DVD player or whatever and the TV as well. But it's easy to see if you can switch back and forth instead of having to press a bunch of different buttons. So I think it's best when they're clearly labeled and you can see which buttons you're supposed

0:09:01	SPEAKER_01
 to use. Any thoughts about buttons or any other way of approaching the problem or anybody else strong feelings about remote controls are the bad ones they've used or the ones they've used or ones that they've lost and never found again. I think it's important

0:09:23	SPEAKER_02
 that you should be able to when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere and you shouldn't have to like contort yourself and twist your remote control to get it to TV to actually pick up the signal. I think a lot of the time for

0:09:36	SPEAKER_00
 what's to come with TV players and yes our TVs and TV players like they aren't like an area that's a lot of effort to they're very boring, very plain. I think it's very like making a stylish control would be a very like easily put us one step ahead of the current

0:09:54	SPEAKER_01
 model. So what particular style features you think about? Something that looks doesn't

0:10:02	SPEAKER_00
 look like a more control. Something that makes you think it was this like this pen doesn't really look like a pen but it makes you think so. Sorry about the fatigue. Do you think

0:10:17	SPEAKER_01
 there's a risk of it doesn't look like remote control. People won't see it as remote control

0:10:23	SPEAKER_00
 and I suppose it's up to the marketing to make people aware of the product. Any other

0:10:35	SPEAKER_01
 thoughts about the physical appearance of a remote control? I think something that's

0:10:42	SPEAKER_03
 comfortable to hold because sometimes you get the remote controls that are just those big rectangular things and they're kind of awkward to hold on to. So something that's more comfortable that fits in a person's hand better. I mean the thing that immediately

0:10:57	SPEAKER_01
 comes to mind is computer mouse which you get all sorts of shapes in the shops and some quite fancy ones and some from personal experience which looked nice but are particularly comfortable.

0:11:20	SPEAKER_01
 Any thoughts about buttons or flat screens or...

0:11:26	SPEAKER_00
 Well from the mouse idea, you could like a classic remote as the piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it which you press whereas if you want the mouse point view it could be all be flat and the buttons are very kind of almost subtle but instead of being raised out of the device you push into the device like a mouse button. I mean

0:11:50	SPEAKER_01
 the only thing is if you're watching television in a darkened room you need to be able to easily find the button easily. But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them be kind of down so you could feel them better. I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons. It's only be different. Do we need it to... I can't think of any of the controls that I never have that light up at all. Like a mobile phone? Yeah.

0:12:32	SPEAKER_01
 Okay. So Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something which there are already millions out there and that we want to take over the entire planet with?

0:12:59	SPEAKER_00
 Especially if we try to sell 2 million of them. Sorry, 4 million. But I think if we market is not as... Well, you can either market to the point of view. We could have the two kind of parallel markets schemes where we've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool. It's fashionable. And it's like a... It's one rather a want rather than kind of a neat relationship with the device. But that might pretend that what the device is for and the nature of some people might not like respond to having a new device that they just looks nice if they want it. So make it practical at the same time.

0:13:50	SPEAKER_00
 I think it's a grab to appeal to people that want to device that enhance their living room. But also a device that is practically sound. So I don't know what I have to decide

0:14:07	SPEAKER_01
 which angle we're going to go to or both. I think in any facets that we identify, we need to aim for all of. Okay, but first thoughts, the industrial design side.

0:14:30	SPEAKER_02
 Well, I think it's... The normal controls are kind of a unique object because you depend on them so much, but you don't... You sort of assume they're always going to work, you don't think of them as a computer can break down and you're kind of like, oh, well fair or not, there's all these complex things going on. Something's going to get messed up eventually.

0:14:44	SPEAKER_02
 They just need to be very, very dependable because people sort of take them for granted.

0:14:49	SPEAKER_02
 And then if your mode control breaks, it's... God forbid you can actually get up and manually change this channel. It just needs to be very effective, very always dependable. I don't think we should make it too small because I think it needs to... It can't be too big like you're saying big and huge and awkward, but also if you make it too small, kind of like how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller, it's just going to end up on our couch cushion somewhere. Yeah. So yeah, it's dependable and of a medium rage size.

0:15:23	SPEAKER_01
 Okay. And colors, materials, Kendra, anyone? Well, most... I think most of the remote controls

0:15:39	SPEAKER_03
 now are either just black or gray, so maybe we should go with something different or be able to... I was just thinking of what they're doing with mobile phones now, how you can get the different... What do they do? Or they call it the faceplates that you change so we could have... Maybe I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that, or you can change the faceplates or have kind of a variety so people can get different things, have it kind of look how they want to, different colors, things like that. Probably just plastic because

0:16:12	SPEAKER_01
 that's always the latest. Okay. That's... Again, I don't think that's ever been done before. It's a sort of thing that would get people thinking, yes, that's something that I haven't gotten the... Might need so... Andrew, any thoughts about how we might market interchangeable from

0:16:42	SPEAKER_00
 some remote control? We could do that market together by getting control in the set color or with... Like you buy it with several... Like you get the faceplates with when you buy it or it's a separate thing, but I'm maybe thinking that it's considered the nature of the device, maybe a second thing, like a second campaign to market new facials for your two-year-old might go a bit astray. It's the kind of thing where you generally get one and then forget

0:17:24	SPEAKER_02
 about it. I wish we'd right now. Well, you could come with like novelty ones like they've done with the mobile phones and you can get like different, you know, scenes from different movies and stuff on the remote control. That's a good idea. Stagger the release of them and get people like, oh, I want that cover on it now and keep them spending money. Yeah,

0:17:41	SPEAKER_01
 true. Okay, I think we've got a good idea now. The meeting is... needs to be wrapped up fairly quickly. So we've got 30 minutes to start looking at the design in more detail.

0:18:12	SPEAKER_01
 We'll reconvene in 30 minutes and try to get some of these ideas more formalised. Thank you very much indeed.

