None: Thanks.
SPEAKER_01: Are you okay?
SPEAKER_03: I am feeling high.
SPEAKER_03: I remember talking about aspect.
SPEAKER_03: You were my GSI briefly.
SPEAKER_07: Some introductions are all there.
SPEAKER_07: For those who don't know, everyone knows me.
SPEAKER_07: Part of that, the old gang, John and Basgra, have been with us from day one.
SPEAKER_07: They are engaged in various activities, some of which you will hear about today.
SPEAKER_07: Ami is our counselor and spiritual guidance.
SPEAKER_07: Also interested in problems concerning reference of the more complex type.
SPEAKER_07: He sits in as an interested participant and helper.
SPEAKER_07: Is that a good characterization?
SPEAKER_07: Keith is not technically one of us yet.
SPEAKER_07: But it's too late for him now.
SPEAKER_07: I've got the headset on after all.
SPEAKER_07: Officially, I guess you will be joining us in the summer.
SPEAKER_07: Hopefully, it is by means of Keith that we will be able to get a better formal and a better semantic idea of what a construction is.
SPEAKER_07: And how we can make it work for us.
SPEAKER_07: Additionally, he is interested in surpassing English because it also includes German.
SPEAKER_07: Next to a capability of speaking and writing and understanding and reading that language.
SPEAKER_07: Is there anyone who doesn't know Nancy?
SPEAKER_06: I made the joke already, Nancy.
SPEAKER_06: What?
SPEAKER_06: I don't know myself, joke.
SPEAKER_06: Did you win?
SPEAKER_06: Before you came in.
SPEAKER_04: About me or you?
SPEAKER_04: About me.
SPEAKER_04: About you.
SPEAKER_05: Well, I didn't know I didn't mean to be humor-copying, but I guess I know myself.
SPEAKER_07: And Fei is with us six days ago, officially.
SPEAKER_07: But in reality, he is already much, much longer.
SPEAKER_07: Next to some more less bureaucratic stuff with the data collection.
SPEAKER_07: She is also the wizard in the data collection.
SPEAKER_07: We are sticking with the term wizard.
SPEAKER_07: And...
SPEAKER_07: Which?
SPEAKER_07: Wizard that.
SPEAKER_08: Wizard.
SPEAKER_08: I think.
SPEAKER_07: I think.
SPEAKER_07: Wizard.
SPEAKER_07: Wizard.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: By popular vote.
SPEAKER_07: Take a vote.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Why don't we get started on that subject anyways?
SPEAKER_07: So we are about to collect data and the following things have happened since we last met.
SPEAKER_07: One, we were three meters.
SPEAKER_07: And...
SPEAKER_07: What happened is that there was some confusion between you and Jerry, with the leading three you are talking to Catherine Snow.
SPEAKER_07: And he was...
SPEAKER_07: He agreed completely that something confusing happened.
SPEAKER_07: His idea was to get sort of the list of mayors of the department, the students.
SPEAKER_07: It's exactly how you interpreted it.
SPEAKER_07: The list of mayors.
SPEAKER_07: Major's, Major's.
SPEAKER_07: Major's okay.
SPEAKER_07: Major's.
SPEAKER_07: Major's.
SPEAKER_04: Major's.
SPEAKER_04: Major's.
SPEAKER_07: Major's.
SPEAKER_07: And just sending the little right up that we did to those email lists.
SPEAKER_03: So it was really Carol Snow who was confused not me and not Jerry.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: So that is...
SPEAKER_03: So I should still do that.
SPEAKER_03: Yeah.
SPEAKER_03: Okay.
SPEAKER_03: And...
SPEAKER_03: Using the thing that you wrote up.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: And we have a little description of asking people subjects to contact Fave for, you know, recruiting them for our thing.
SPEAKER_07: And there was some confusion as to the consent form, which is basically that what you just signed.
SPEAKER_07: And since we have one already.
SPEAKER_04: Did Jerry talk to you about maybe using our class, the students in the undergrad class, like you're teaching?
SPEAKER_07: Well, he said, we definitely, yes, however there is always more people in a department than are just taking his class or anybody else's class at the moment.
SPEAKER_07: And we'll reach out and try to get them all.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_05: But I guess it's that people in his class cover a different set.
SPEAKER_05: So then the...
SPEAKER_05: Is it the college side department that you were talking about?
SPEAKER_05: I guess.
SPEAKER_05: You can't see.
SPEAKER_03: Because we have suggested to him that there are various people like Jerry and George and etc.
SPEAKER_03: And just advertising their classes as well.
SPEAKER_03: Or even I could do the actual...
SPEAKER_03: Because I mean, I know how to contact our students.
SPEAKER_05: If there's something that you're sending out, you can also send me a copy, me your boss card, either of us could post it to.
SPEAKER_05: If it's a general solicitation that, you know, just contact you, then we can totally post it to the new group.
SPEAKER_05: Do it.
SPEAKER_05: Okay.
SPEAKER_05: So you'll send it or something?
SPEAKER_05: Is it what effect...
SPEAKER_05: You can send it to me.
SPEAKER_05: No.
SPEAKER_05: Don't worry.
SPEAKER_07: I'll wrap it.
SPEAKER_07: However, I suggest that if you look at your email carefully, you may think you may find that you already have it.
SPEAKER_07: Really?
SPEAKER_07: Maybe.
SPEAKER_07: I don't remember.
SPEAKER_07: Well, see.
SPEAKER_07: Anyhow.
SPEAKER_07: The...
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, not only Cox, also we were talking about linguistics and of course computer science.
SPEAKER_07: And then secondly, we had... you may remember the problem of the rephrasing that subjects always rephrase sort of the task that we gave them.
SPEAKER_07: And so we had a meeting on Friday talking about how to avoid that.
SPEAKER_07: And it proved finally fruitful in a sense that we came up with a new scenario for how to get the subject to really have intention and sort of to act upon those.
SPEAKER_07: And they're the ideas now that next... actually we need to hire one more person to actually do that job because it's getting more complicated.
SPEAKER_07: So if you know anyone interested in what I'm about to describe, tell that person to write a mail to me or very soon.
SPEAKER_07: The idea now is to sort of come up with a high level of sort of abstract tasks, go shopping, take in a batch of art, visit... do some side-seeing.
SPEAKER_07: Sort of analogous to what Faye has started in compiling here and already... she has already gone to the trouble of anchoring it with specific entities in real world places you will find in Heidelberg.
SPEAKER_07: And so out of these high level categories, the subject can pick a couple, such as if there's a category in emptying your role of film, the person can then decide, okay, I want to do that at this place, sort of make up their own attinuery and tasks. And the person is not allowed to take sort of this high level category list with them but the person is able to take notes on a map that we will give him.
SPEAKER_07: And the map will be a tourist sort of schematic representation with symbols for the objects.
SPEAKER_07: And so the person can maybe make a mental note that I wanted to go shopping here and I wanted to maybe take a picture of that and maybe eat here and then goes in and solves the task with the system, i.e. Faye.
SPEAKER_07: And we're going to try out any questions.
SPEAKER_05: So you'll have them say somewhere what their intention was, so you still have the nice thing about having data where you know what the actual intention was.
SPEAKER_05: But there's nothing that says, these are the things you want to do, so they'll say, well these are the things I want to do.
SPEAKER_05: So they'll have a little bit more natural interaction.
SPEAKER_05: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_00: So they'll be given this map, which means that they won't have to ask the system for high level information, what do I think?
SPEAKER_07: It'll still require that information.
SPEAKER_05: It doesn't have streets on it.
SPEAKER_07: Not really the street network.
SPEAKER_07: So you're just saying like what part of town the things are in there?
SPEAKER_07: The map is more means for them to have the buildings and their names and maybe some major streets and their names.
SPEAKER_07: And we want to maybe ask them if you have get it sort of isolated street, whatever river street.
SPEAKER_07: And we've decided that yes, that's where they want to do this kind of action that they have it with them and they can actually read them or sort of have the label for the object because it's too hard to memorize all these strange German names.
SPEAKER_07: And we're going to have another trial run, either first with that new setup tomorrow at two.
SPEAKER_07: And we have a real interesting subject, which is Ron Kay.
SPEAKER_07: For those who know him, he's the founder of ICI.
SPEAKER_07: So he's around seven, seven years old.
SPEAKER_04: I didn't know he was the founder.
SPEAKER_07: And he also approached me and he offered to help our project and he was more thinking about some high level thinking tasks.
SPEAKER_07: So really help you can come in as a subject.
SPEAKER_07: So that's what's going to happen tomorrow.
SPEAKER_07: Using this new new new setup.
SPEAKER_07: Which I'll hope police sort of scrap together.
SPEAKER_07: But thanks to Fay, we already have some nice blueprint and I can work with that.
SPEAKER_07: Questions, comments of that?
SPEAKER_02: Not sure if we can move on.
SPEAKER_07: No, no more questions.
SPEAKER_07: I'm not sure I totally understand this.
SPEAKER_08: I'm not sure I totally understand everything that's been talked about.
SPEAKER_04: With the very rough setup of the data.
SPEAKER_08: This is where they're supposed to talk to a machine and it breaks down and then the human comes on.
SPEAKER_07: The question is just sort of how do we get the tasks in their head?
SPEAKER_07: That they have an intention of doing something.
SPEAKER_07: Have a need to ask the system for something.
SPEAKER_07: Without giving them sort of a clear wording of phrasing of the task.
SPEAKER_07: Because what will happen then is that people repeat errors much as they kind of that phrasing.
SPEAKER_05: Are you worried about being able to identify the goals that you guys have been talking about?
SPEAKER_05: Are these identifying which of three modes their question concerns?
SPEAKER_05: So it's like the enter.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, we will sort of get a protocol of the prior interaction.
SPEAKER_07: That's where the instructor, the person we are going to hire.
SPEAKER_07: And the subject sit down together with these high level things.
SPEAKER_07: The first question for the subject is, we thought the tours can do.
SPEAKER_07: Is there anything that interests you?
SPEAKER_07: This is something I would go shopping.
SPEAKER_07: Then we can sort of the instructor can say, well, then you may want to find out how to get over here.
SPEAKER_07: This is where the shopping district is.
SPEAKER_05: So the interaction beforehand will give them hints about how specific or whatever.
SPEAKER_05: The kinds of questions that they are going to ask during the actual session?
SPEAKER_07: No, just sort of, okay, what would you like to buy?
SPEAKER_07: Okay, you want to buy whatever Kukuk's clocks.
SPEAKER_07: There is a store there.
SPEAKER_07: So the task then for that person is finding out how to get there.
SPEAKER_07: That's sort of what's left.
SPEAKER_07: And we know that the intention is to enter because we know that the person wants to buy a Kukuk's clock.
SPEAKER_05: That's what I mean.
SPEAKER_05: So this task is all going to be unambiguous about which is the three.
SPEAKER_05: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_01: So the idea is to try to get the actual phrasing that they might use and try to interfere as little as possible with their choice of rules.
SPEAKER_07: Yes, in a sense, that's exactly the idea, which is never possible in a lap situation.
SPEAKER_01: There was one experiment that I've let somewhere use pictures to actually specify the task.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, but we had exactly that on our list of possible things.
SPEAKER_07: So I even made a sort of silly thing how that could work, how you can show.
SPEAKER_07: You are here.
SPEAKER_07: You want to know how to get some place.
SPEAKER_07: And this is the place and it's a museum and you want to do some, and there's a person looking at pictures.
SPEAKER_07: So, you know, this is exactly getting someplace with the intention of entering and looking at pictures.
SPEAKER_07: However, not only was the common census among all participants of Friday's meeting was, it's going to be very laborious to make these drawings for each different things, other different actions, if at all possible, and also people will get caught up in the pictures.
SPEAKER_07: So all of a sudden we'll get descriptions of pictures in there.
SPEAKER_07: Right.
SPEAKER_07: And people talking about pictures and pictorial representations.
SPEAKER_07: Right.
SPEAKER_07: I would still be willing to try it.
SPEAKER_01: I mean, I'm not saying it's necessary, but you might be able to combine text and some sort of picture.
SPEAKER_01: And also, I think it would be a good idea to show them the text and kind of choose a task and then take the test away.
SPEAKER_01: Yeah.
SPEAKER_01: The test away.
SPEAKER_01: They're not guided by what you wrote, but come up with your own.
SPEAKER_07: They will have no more linguistic matter in front of them when they enter this room.
SPEAKER_02: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Then I suggest we move on to the, we have the EDU project, let me make one more general remark, has sort of two side actions, it's action items that we're dealing with.
SPEAKER_07: One is modifying the smart composer and the other one is modifying the smart, natural language generation, module.
SPEAKER_07: And this is not too complicated, but I'm just mentioning it, put it in the framework because this is something we will talk about now.
SPEAKER_07: I have some news from the generation.
SPEAKER_07: Do you have news from the parser?
SPEAKER_07: Oh, not.
SPEAKER_07: But that look, I...
SPEAKER_00: I have pretty, very, very, very, very, very, very talk about how I'm fighting.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, wonderful.
SPEAKER_07: Did you run into problems or did you run into not having time?
None: Yeah.
SPEAKER_07: Okay, so that's good.
SPEAKER_07: That's better than running into problems.
SPEAKER_07: And I do have some good news for the natural language generation, however.
SPEAKER_07: And the good news is, I guess it's done.
SPEAKER_07: Meaning that Tillmann Becker, who does the German one, actually took out some time and already did it in English for us.
SPEAKER_07: And so the version he's sending us is already producing the English that's needed to get by in version 1.1.
SPEAKER_00: So I think it's not as similar to what he did for the parsing.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, even though the generator is a little bit more complex and it would have been...
SPEAKER_07: not changing 100 words, but maybe 400 words, but it would have been pre-emergerous.
SPEAKER_07: So this is, I guess, good news.
SPEAKER_07: And the time, especially Basquira and...
SPEAKER_07: What do I have here?
SPEAKER_07: No.
SPEAKER_07: The time is now pretty much fixed.
SPEAKER_07: It's the last week of April until the 4th of May.
SPEAKER_07: So it's 26th through 4th.
SPEAKER_07: Will they be here?
SPEAKER_07: That they'll be here.
SPEAKER_07: So it's extremely important that the two of you are also present this town through that time.
SPEAKER_06: Wait, what are the days?
SPEAKER_06: April 26th through the May 4th?
SPEAKER_06: Yeah, something like that.
SPEAKER_06: I'll probably be here.
SPEAKER_08: You will be here.
SPEAKER_07: Isn't finals coming up then pretty much after that?
SPEAKER_00: Finals was that.
SPEAKER_05: It doesn't really have much meaning to grad students, but final projects might.
SPEAKER_06: Anyway, so this...
SPEAKER_06: Well, I'll be here working on something.
SPEAKER_06: Guaranteed, it's just...
SPEAKER_06: Well, I'll be here, you know.
SPEAKER_06: I'll be here too, actually.
SPEAKER_07: No, it's just...
SPEAKER_07: They're coming for us so that we can bug them and ask them more questions.
SPEAKER_07: And it's a done-together and right sensible code.
SPEAKER_07: So they can give some nice talks and stuff, but...
SPEAKER_06: So it's not like we need to be with them 24 hours a day.
SPEAKER_06: It's seven days that they're here.
SPEAKER_07: Not unless you really want to.
SPEAKER_07: They're very dependent.
SPEAKER_07: Not unless you really want to.
SPEAKER_07: And they're both nice guys, so you really make one.
SPEAKER_07: Okay, that much from the pass through and generator side.
SPEAKER_07: And there's more questions on that.
SPEAKER_04: So no sample generator output yet?
SPEAKER_04: No.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Just a mail that, you know, he sent me the stuff soon.
SPEAKER_07: And I was completely flammogasted.
SPEAKER_07: And it's also...
SPEAKER_07: It's going to produce the concept to speech, blah, blah, blah, information for necessary for 1.1 in English, based on English.
SPEAKER_07: In English, so.
SPEAKER_07: I was like, okay.
SPEAKER_08: We're done.
SPEAKER_05: So that was like one of the first, you know, the first task was getting it working for.
SPEAKER_05: So that's basically over now, is that right?
SPEAKER_05: Yeah.
SPEAKER_05: So the basic requirement fulfilled.
SPEAKER_07: The basic requirement is fulfilled almost when Andreas Stolke and his gang, when they have changed the language model of the regularizer and dictionary, then we can actually put it all together and you can speak into it and ask for TV and movie information.
SPEAKER_07: And then when, if something actually happens and some answers come out, then we're done.
SPEAKER_05: So it's not done, please.
SPEAKER_05: And they kind of are correct.
SPEAKER_08: Perhaps the answer says something to do with the questions for us then.
SPEAKER_04: Is it using the database, the German TV movie?
SPEAKER_04: Yeah.
SPEAKER_05: Okay. So all the actual data might be German.
SPEAKER_07: Well, actually...
SPEAKER_05: You know, they're all like American TV programs.
SPEAKER_08: I want to see Dukes von Hezzar in the middle of the day.
SPEAKER_07: Dukes.
SPEAKER_07: Okay. So you don't know how the German dialogue, the German demo dialogue actually works.
SPEAKER_07: The first thing is what's showing on TV and then the person is presented with what's running on TV in Germany on that day, on that evening.
SPEAKER_07: And so you take one look at it and you say, well, that's really nothing.
SPEAKER_07: There's nothing for me there.
SPEAKER_07: What's running in the cinema?
SPEAKER_07: So maybe there's something better happening there.
SPEAKER_07: And then you get, you know, shown what movies play which films.
SPEAKER_07: And it's going to be, of course, all the highly burnt movies and what films there are actually showing.
SPEAKER_07: And most of them are going to be Hollywood movies.
SPEAKER_07: So American beauty is American beauty.
SPEAKER_07: Right?
SPEAKER_07: And...
SPEAKER_05: But they're showing like on a screen.
SPEAKER_05: I mean, so what the generator, like the English language sentence of is, these are the following films are being shown.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, but in that sense, it doesn't make sense to read them out loud.
SPEAKER_05: Right. So it'll just display...
SPEAKER_05: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: I don't tell you that this is what's showing in Heidelberg. There you go.
SPEAKER_07: And the presentation agent will go like that of our time.
SPEAKER_07: And then you pick a movie and it shows you the times and you pick a time and you pick seeds and all of this.
None: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Pretty straightforward.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: But it's... So this time we are at an advantage because there was a problem for the German system to incorporate all these English movie titles.
SPEAKER_07: But in English, that's not really a problem.
SPEAKER_07: And as we get some topical German movies that have just come out and they're in their database.
SPEAKER_07: So the person may select Hühnerinnen.
SPEAKER_07: Okay. Then onto the modeling.
SPEAKER_07: Right?
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, I guess.
SPEAKER_07: The modeling.
SPEAKER_07: Here it is.
SPEAKER_08: Okay. Yeah, the next thing.
SPEAKER_07: This is very rough but this is sort of what John O'Neil managed to come up with.
SPEAKER_07: The idea here is that...
SPEAKER_06: This is the schema of the XML here, not an example.
SPEAKER_07: This is not an XML. This is sort of towards an schema definition.
SPEAKER_07: The idea is, so imagine we have a library of schema such as the search path goal and then we have forced motion, we have cost action.
SPEAKER_07: We have a whole library of schemas.
SPEAKER_07: And they're going to be, you know, fleshed out in their real ugly detail.
SPEAKER_07: So path goal and there's going to be a lot of stuff on the goal and blah, blah, blah.
SPEAKER_07: That a goal can be and so forth.
SPEAKER_07: What we think is, and all the names should be taken cum granozales.
SPEAKER_07: So this is the fact that we're calling this action schema right now, should not entail that we are going to continue calling this action schema.
SPEAKER_07: But what it means is we have here, first of all, and the first iteration, a stupid list of search path goal actions.
SPEAKER_06: Actions that can be categorized with or that are related to source path goal.
SPEAKER_07: Okay, true that schema.
SPEAKER_07: And we will have, you know, forced motion and cost action actions.
SPEAKER_06: And then those actions can be in multiple categories at the same time if necessary.
SPEAKER_07: So a push may be in both, you know, push in this or this.
SPEAKER_07: Force motion and cost action.
SPEAKER_07: Exactly.
SPEAKER_07: Also, these things may or may not get their own structure in the future.
SPEAKER_07: So this is something that, you know, may also be a result of your work in the future.
SPEAKER_07: We may find out that, you know, they're really subtle, these subtle differences between, even within the domain of entering in the light of a sort of path goal schema, we need to put in fill in additional structure up there.
SPEAKER_07: But it gives us a nice handle.
SPEAKER_07: So with this, we can basically, you know, slaughter the cow any way we want.
SPEAKER_07: It is, it was sort of a, gave us some head out.
SPEAKER_07: How do we avoid writing down that we have sort of the enter, sort of path goal, but this sort of gets the job done in that respect.
SPEAKER_07: And it is even conceptually somewhat adequate in the sense that we're talking about two different things.
SPEAKER_07: We're talking more on the sort of intention level up there and more on the, this is your basic bone schema down there.
SPEAKER_06: One question, Robert, when you point at the screen, is it your shadow that I'm supposed to look at?
SPEAKER_06: Okay, we're looking where your hand is.
SPEAKER_06: Well, that wouldn't have helped you at all.
SPEAKER_06: Basically, what this is is that there's an interface between what we are doing and the action planner.
SPEAKER_06: And right now, the way the interface is action, go, and then they have the, what the person claimed is the source and the person claimed is the goal passed on.
SPEAKER_06: And the problem is that the current system does not distinguish between, goes of type, going into, goes of type, want to go to a place where I can take a picture of, etc.
SPEAKER_07: So this is sort of what it looks like. Now, some simple go action from an object named Peter's curve here of the type church, to an object named Paul Dattower of the type tower.
SPEAKER_05: This is what the action planner uses.
SPEAKER_05: Very currently.
SPEAKER_05: And is that, and that's changeable or not?
SPEAKER_05: Yeah, well, are we adapting to it?
SPEAKER_07: No, this is the output of the natural language understanding, right?
SPEAKER_07: The input into the action planning, as it is now.
SPEAKER_07: And what we are going to do, we're going to, and you can see here, and again, for John O'Plee's focus on the shadow, we're going to, here you have the action and the domain object.
SPEAKER_07: What did you think he was doing?
SPEAKER_08: A laser pointer would be most appropriate here.
SPEAKER_06: I remember it likes to be abstract, and that's what I just thought he was doing.
SPEAKER_07: So you look up here.
SPEAKER_07: Instead of between here and here, so as you can see, this is on one level.
SPEAKER_07: And we are going to add another struct, if you want, i.e. our rich action description on that level.
SPEAKER_07: So the future.
SPEAKER_05: So it's additional information.
SPEAKER_07: Exactly. The future, the content of a hypothesis will not only be an object and an action and a domain object, but an action, a domain object, and a rich action description.
SPEAKER_06: Which we're abbreviating as rad.
SPEAKER_08: Rad.
SPEAKER_00: So you have like an action schema and a source path goal schema, right?
SPEAKER_00: So how does a source path goal schema fit into the action schema?
SPEAKER_00: Like, is it one of the factors?
SPEAKER_02: I think I'll back to that one.
SPEAKER_06: So the source path goal schema, in this case, if I understand how we describe, we set this up.
SPEAKER_06: Because we've been arguing about it all week.
SPEAKER_06: But we'll hold the, in this case, it will hold the features, I guess.
SPEAKER_06: It's hard for me to exactly see.
SPEAKER_06: So basically that will store the object that is, the source will store the object that we're going from.
SPEAKER_06: The goal will store the, the full those in, full those roles in, right?
SPEAKER_06: These action schemas basically have extra, so those are schemas exist because in case we need extra information, instead of just making it an attribute in which, which is just one thing, we decided to make it its own entity so that we could explode it out later on, in case there is some structure that we need to exploit.
SPEAKER_05: Okay, so that, sorry, I just don't know, this is just XML notation, but the fact that it's action schema and then sort of slash action schema, that's the whole...
SPEAKER_05: That's a block, yeah.
SPEAKER_05: Whereas source is just an attribute, is that?
SPEAKER_07: No, no, no, no, source is just that spelled out here.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: Source meaning, source will be, we'll have a name, a type, maybe a dimensionality, maybe conanical orientation.
SPEAKER_07: It could also be blocked out.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah, so, yeah.
SPEAKER_07: So it will be, we know a lot about sources, so we'll put all of that in source.
SPEAKER_07: But it's independent whether you're using the SPG schema in an interview or approach mode, right?
SPEAKER_07: This is just properties of the SPG schema.
SPEAKER_07: We can talk about paths being the fastest, the quickest, the nicest, and so forth, or the trajectory should be coming in there as well, and then the same about goals.
SPEAKER_05: Okay, so I guess the question is when you actually fill one of these out, it'll be under action schema.
SPEAKER_05: You'll pick one of those for what?
SPEAKER_05: Okay, this is just a layout of the possible things.
SPEAKER_06: So the roles will be filled in with the schema, and then what actual action is chosen will be in the action schema section.
SPEAKER_05: So one question, in this case it's all clear, sort of obvious, but you can think of the interview and approach as each having their roles, right?
SPEAKER_05: I mean, it's implicit that the person that's moving is doing, entering, viewing, and approaching.
SPEAKER_05: But the usual thing is we have bindings between sort of like action specific roles and the more general source path goal specific roles.
SPEAKER_05: So are we worrying about that or not?
SPEAKER_07: Yes, yes.
SPEAKER_07: Since you bring it up now, we will worry about it.
SPEAKER_07: We're about it.
SPEAKER_05: Oh, I guess I may be just reading this and interpreting it into my head in the way that I've always viewed things, and that may or may not be what you guys intended, but if it is, then the top block is sort of like, you know, you have to list exactly what X schema or it's action schema, there'll be a certain one that has its own structure, and maybe it has stuff about that specific to entering, or viewing, or approaching.
SPEAKER_05: But those could include roles like the thing that you're viewing, the thing that you're entering, the thing that you're,
SPEAKER_08: or very specific roles, viewed thing, enter a thing.
SPEAKER_05: So you can enter view and approach as frames, and they have frame specific parameters and roles. And you can also describe them in a general way as source path goals schema, and maybe there's other image schemas that you could add after this, that, you know, how do they work in terms of, you know, a force dynamics, or how do they work in terms of other things.
SPEAKER_05: So all of those have basically either specific frame specific roles or more general frame specific roles that might have bindings.
SPEAKER_05: The question is how to represent when things are linked in a certain way.
SPEAKER_05: So we know for enter that there's container potentially involved, and it's not, I don't know if you want to have in the same level as the action schema and the SPG schema.
SPEAKER_05: It's somewhere in there that you need to represent that there is some container, and the interior of it corresponds to some part of the source path goal, you know, goal, goal, like us in this case.
SPEAKER_05: So is there an easy way in this notation to show when there's identity basically between things?
SPEAKER_05: And I don't know if that's something we need to invent or, you know.
SPEAKER_06: But wasn't there supposed to be a link in the, I don't know if this answers the question, I was just staring at this while you were talking. Sorry.
SPEAKER_06: Okay.
SPEAKER_06: A link between the action schema, a field in the schema for the image schemas that would link us to which action schema we were supposed to use.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah.
SPEAKER_07: Well, that's one thing is that we can link up, I think also that we can have one or as many as we want links from the schema up to the action description of it.
SPEAKER_07: But the notion I got from Nancy's idea was that we may find sort of concepts flowing around in the action description of the action, the action for the entire frame up there that are when you talk about the real world, actually identical to the goal of the, so the goal schema.
SPEAKER_07: And do we have means of telling it within that and the answer is absolutely.
SPEAKER_07: Yeah.
SPEAKER_07: We absolutely have those means there even part of the M3L API meaning we can reference.
SPEAKER_07: Great. That's exactly what it is.
SPEAKER_07: And this referencing thing however is of temporary nature because sooner or later the W3C will be finished with their X path.
SPEAKER_07: Specification and then it's going to be even much nicer than we have real means of pointing at an individual insensation of one of our elements here and link it to another one.
SPEAKER_07: And this not only within a document but also via documents and and all in a very easy, which you know, happened to know how what what sooner or later means like practice.
SPEAKER_07: Let's look at it on the back.
SPEAKER_07: So it's the spec is there and it's going to be part of the M3L API by the end of this year.
SPEAKER_07: So this means we can start using it basically now.
SPEAKER_07: But this is a technical detail.
SPEAKER_06: So it's going to wait a few minutes.
SPEAKER_06: Basically references from the roles in this game at the bottom team is to the actions game is.
SPEAKER_07: Okay.
SPEAKER_07: I'm assuming.
SPEAKER_07: I mean personally I'm looking even more forward to the day where we're going to have X forms which is a form of notation where it allows you to say that if the SPG action up there is enter.
SPEAKER_07: Then the goal type can never be a statue.
SPEAKER_05: So you have constraints that are dependent on the actual specific filler.
SPEAKER_07: Exactly.
SPEAKER_07: You know this of course does not make sense in light of the set of liberty or ever.
SPEAKER_07: It is sort of these sort of things are imaginable.
SPEAKER_05: Or the gateway arch and statement.
SPEAKER_00: So like are you going to have similar schemas for FM like force motion and caused actions of like you have for SPG.
SPEAKER_00: Kind of so like can are you able to enforce that you know if it's if it's a SPG action then you have that schema if it's a force motion that you have the other schema.
SPEAKER_07: We have absolute no we have absolutely no means of enforcing that.
SPEAKER_07: So it would be considered valid if we have an SPG action entry and no SPG schema.
SPEAKER_05: But a force action schema could happen which is not bad because I mean that this multiple.
SPEAKER_05: I mean that particular case there's more there's a force side of.
SPEAKER_07: Of that.
SPEAKER_07: It may be means we had nothing to say about the sort that goal.
SPEAKER_07: What is also nice and for me in my mind it's it's crucially necessary is that we can have multiple schemas and multiple action schemas in parallel.
SPEAKER_07: And we started thinking about going through our bakery questions so when I say is there a bakery here you know I do ultimately want our module to be able to first of all tell.
SPEAKER_07: The rest of the system hey this person actually wants to go there and be that person actually wants to buy something to eat there.
SPEAKER_07: And if these are two different schemas I eat a so called schema of getting there and then the buying snacks schema.
SPEAKER_05: Would they both be listed here and under so our under action schema there's a list that can include both.
SPEAKER_07: Right they would both schemas would appear so what is the is there buying a snack schema what is the.
SPEAKER_07: The bikes next schema I'm sure there's a commercial event scheme commercial event or something.
SPEAKER_07: So we would we would instantiate the SPG schema with a sort of goal blah blah blah and the buying event.
SPEAKER_07: So you know at which however that looks like the place.
SPEAKER_05: Would you say that the like I mean could have flat structure and just say these are two independent things but there's also this sort of like causal well so one is really facilitating the other and it's part of a compound action.
SPEAKER_05: There's some kind of structure.
SPEAKER_07: So it's technically possible that you can fit schema within schema and schema nicer for a lot of reasons but might be a pain so well for me it seems that.
SPEAKER_05: I mean there are truly times when you have two totally independent goals that they might express at once yes in this case it's really like there's a purpose means you know for achieving some other purpose well if I'm
SPEAKER_07: the recipient of such a message and I get a sort of goal where the goal is a bakery and then I get a commercial action which takes place in a bakery right and and they are obviously we are the first identify to be the same thing here yeah see that that bothers me that they're the same thing no just yeah yeah because there are two different things one of
SPEAKER_05: which is you could think of one is a sub you know whatever the condition for the second yeah yeah yeah so so okay so there's like levels of granularity so there's there's a single event of which they are both apart and then they're independently they are events which have very different characters as far as source pathical whatever so when you identify source path goal and whatever there's going to be a desire or whatever eating hungry whatever other other frames you have involved they have to match up in in nice ways so it seems like each of them has its own internal structure and mapping to these schemas you know from the
SPEAKER_07: but you know that's just that's just me well I think we're going to hit a lot of interesting problems and as I preface that this is the result of one week of arguing about it
SPEAKER_08: yeah and and so I still am not entirely sure that I really fully grasp this in tax of this you know it's not it's not actually very
SPEAKER_07: actually that's actually that I mean the intended interpretation of this well I should have we should have added an an XML example or some XML examples yeah that would be and and this is on on on on my list of things until next next week it's also a question of the recursiveness and and a hierarchy in there do we want the schemas just plump plump plump plump I mean it's if we can actually you know get it so that we can out of one utterance activate more than one schema I mean then we're already pretty good right well you have to be careful with that I think because I mean many actions
SPEAKER_01: suppose some almost infinitely many other actions so if you go to your bakery you have a general intention of not being hungry there was specific intention to cross the traffic light yeah you have a further specific intentions to lift your so I mean you really have to focus on on on decide the level of of abstraction that you am at the kind of zero in on that and more or less ignore the rest unless there is some implications that you want to come to draw from from
SPEAKER_05: sub-tasks that are relevant I mean but what are the other thing that I just thought you could want to go to the bakery because you're supposed to meet your friend there or some you so you like being able to infer the second thing is very useful and probably often right well the the utterance is our bakery around here not well I want to go to a bakery meet them in a bakery around the area yeah I'm okay but it's still the case that you could you could override that default giving extra information which is to me a reason why you would keep the inference of that separate from the knowledge of okay they really want to know if
SPEAKER_07: it's a bakery around here which is direct well there there should never be a hard-coded shortcut from the bakery question to the double schema thing how and as a matter of fact when I travel with my friends we make these exactly these kinds of appointments
SPEAKER_05: yeah exactly that's one of the bakery you know in the Victoria station train train station London before I have a question about this lot of the SPG action
SPEAKER_01: so the interview approach the ever of fixed slots in this particular action every action of this kind would have a choice or it would just every SPG action either is an enter or a view or a product right right so I mean for each particular action that you may want to characterize you would have some number of slots that define you know in some way what this action is all about can be either a B or C so is it a fixed number or do you live it open it could be between one and 15 it's flexible
SPEAKER_07: the well it sort of depends on if you actually write down the schema then you have to say it's either one of them or it can be none or it can be any of them however the it seems to be sensible to me to to view them as mutually exclusive maybe even not
SPEAKER_01: do you mean within the sort of action yeah and how where's the end so there's no no actually but I think my question is simple that is is okay so you have an SPG action and it has three different aspects because you can either enter a building or view it or approach it now you define another action for section course motion SPG one action that has to do with writing a letter I mean not even within this context but a different action and this action to have various variable possibilities of interpreting what you would like to do in a way similar to either enter view approach you may want to send a letter or big take a letter let's say okay maybe the these actions I don't know if I'm going to answer your question or not
SPEAKER_06: with this but the categories inside of action schema so SPG action is a category I think what we're specifying here is this is a category where the actions enter view and approach fall into because they have a related source path goal schema in our tourist domain because viewing in a tourist domain is going up to it and we're actually going from one place to another to take a picture in this
SPEAKER_01: sort of automatic derived from the structure that is built elsewhere
SPEAKER_08: derived I don't know if this is a category structure here right action schema what are some types of actions well one of the types of action schemas is source path goal action and what are some types of that and enter view and approach
SPEAKER_06: those are all source path goal inside of enter there will be roles that can be filled basically so if I want to go from outside to inside then you have the roles that need to be able to have a source path goal set of roles so you have the source to be outside and path to the door whatever right so if you wanted to have a new type of action you create a new type of category then this category would be put it or not necessarily we would put a new action in the in the categories that in which it has the well every action has a set of related schemas like source path goal or force whatever right so we put right a letter in the categories that in which it had it would have there could be a scheme of action or exactly schemas that type and then later you know that we have a communication event action where we define it down there as
SPEAKER_05: so there's a bit of redundancy right in which the things that go into a particular you have categories at the top under action schema and the things that go into particular category are supposed to have a corresponding schema definition for that type so I guess what's the function of having it up there too I mean I guess I'm wondering whether you could just have at an action schema you could just sort of say whatever you know it's going to be interview or approach or whatever number things and possibly because you need to know somewhere that those things fall into some categories and it may be multiple categories you say which is the reason why it gets a little messy but if it has if it's supposed to be categorized in category X then the corresponding schema X will be among the structures and follow
SPEAKER_07: this is one of the things we are okay this is for this is probably the way that that's the way they see more to to Toronto I guess also for a while but now you guys have seen the light
SPEAKER_06: no no no no we have not seen the light because the reason why we're doing it this way is in case there's extra structure that's in the enter action that's not captured by these
SPEAKER_05: schemas right why I would think you would say enter and to say all the things that are relevant specifically enter and then the things that are abstract will be in the abstract things as well and that's why the bindings become useful right but like so you're saying you can practically turn the structure inside out or something no basically I see which you mean by that but I don't know if I would I would
SPEAKER_07: get rid of the sort of sbg slash something right or these sub actions category because what does it tell us yeah and I agree that you know in fact
SPEAKER_05: what you could say is for enter you could say here list all the kinds of schemas that on the category that list all the parent categories is just like frame hierarchy right you have he's blinded so you say enter and you say my parent frames are such a such and then those are the ones that actually you then actually define and say how the roles bind to your specific roles which will probably be richer and fuller it sounds like a paper I've read around here yeah like I said I'm sure I'm just hitting everything with the hammer that I developed I mean you know it's I'm just telling you
SPEAKER_08: what I think I'm just hitting the button but there's a good question here like I mean do you when do you need this when you need this I just don't see why you would I mean this who uses this this data structure you know like do you say all right I'm going to do an SPG action and then you know somebody neither the computer or the user says all right well I know I want to do a source path goal action so what are my choices among that and oh okay so I can do an interview approach it's not like that right it's more like you say I want to well I want to enter and then you're more interested in knowing what the parent categories are of that right so that the sort of representation that you were just talking about seems more relevant
SPEAKER_06: I think I'm not sure if I understand your question only one of those things are going to be lit up when you pass this on okay so only enter will be if we if our
SPEAKER_07: modules have the enters the case view and approach will not be there okay well it's it sort of came into my mind that sometimes even two could be on
SPEAKER_06: or would be interesting um nevertheless well in that case we can we can't we can't if it goes to the thing is that the case we are don't think our system can handle that currently no not at all but
SPEAKER_07: so the I think the in some sense we got the task done extremely well because this is exactly the discussion we need need period no more qualifiers and this is useful yeah and and and I hope let's make a sharper claim we will not end this discussion anytime soon yeah they could guarantee you that and it's going to get more and more complex the complex that are not our domain sketch and and I think we will have all of our points in writing pretty soon so this is nice about being being recorded also the
SPEAKER_06: the in terms of why is it laid out like this versus some other yeah um that's kind of a contentious point between the two of us but this is one what so this is a way to link uh the way these rules are filled out to the action because if we know that enter is a as an SPG action right we know to look for an SPG schema and put the
SPEAKER_05: appropriate fill in the appropriate roles later on and you could have also indicated that by saying enter what are the kinds of action right yeah right to just like sort of reverse organization I can let's I mean we are the reasons why one is better than the other
SPEAKER_07: I mean again from other sources yes because no but no the modules don't this is this is a schema that defines XML messages that are passed from one module to another yeah mainly meaning from the natural language understanding or the deep natural language understanding to the action planner now the the reason for for not using this approach is because you always will have to go back each module will try to have to go back to look up which uh you know entity can have which parents and then so you always need the whole body of of your your model um to figure out what belongs to what or you always send it along with it mm-hmm so you always send up here I'm I'm this person and I can have these parents in every message okay so it's just like a pain to have to send it it may or may not be just a pain it's I'm completely okay willing to to throw all of this away and completely redo it you know and and and after some iterations we
SPEAKER_08: may just do that I would just like to ask like if it could happen the next time I mean just because because I'm new and I don't really just I just don't know what to make of this and what this is for and stuff like that you know if there if someone could make an example yeah of what would actually be in it like first of all what modules are talking to each other using this right and I will promise
SPEAKER_07: for the next time to have fleshed out and XML examples for a run through and see how this this then translates and how this can come about including the sort of miracle occurs here right part and is there more to be said I think in principle what I think that this approach does and whether or not we take the interim view and we all throw up up the letter um well how do how does professor Peter call that the uh silent sublimination throwing somebody up the stairs have you never read the
SPEAKER_00: Peters principle no oh uh people reach their level if uh Max their level if maximum incompetence
SPEAKER_07: yeah then you throw them up the stairs um promotion yeah okay so we can promote the interview in all all upper bit and get rid of the uh blah blah x-plub uh asterisk subaction item all together no no problem with that and we we'll play around with all of them but the principle distinction between having the the pure schema and their insunciations on the one hand and adding some whatever more intention oriented specification um parallel to that this approach seems to be uh workable to me I don't know in this view I'll share that opinion then
SPEAKER_06: that made my day much happier this is a simple way to basically link uh rolls to actions
SPEAKER_05: yeah yeah that's fine that's that that was the intent of it basically that's true although um
SPEAKER_06: rolls so I don't I don't I don't I don't happen when he uses the word yeah I think I made
SPEAKER_08: the ROLs so I'm in pace for you Sam yeah this is a big example got it all right
SPEAKER_07: help I'll agree to that then okay that's all I have oh no there's one more issue basket I brought that one up meeting time rescheduling and did you say something about Friday or yeah so it looks like you have not been particularly the Monday three o'clock time has turned out to be not good anymore so people have been thinking about an alternative time and the one we came up with is Friday to 33 what was it you have class until two right so if we don't want to if we don't want him to run over here to 30 years or 30 years or 30 or something around that time um how how are you uh Friday uh and I know that you have until three you're busy two three sounds good
SPEAKER_08: yeah I'll be I could do that yeah I mean earlier on Friday is better but three you know I mean if it were a three or three thirty time then I would take the three or whatever but yeah sure
SPEAKER_07: three is fine yeah and you can always make it shortly after three probably yeah and I don't need to be here particularly off me no but uh whenever you are more than welcome if you think that this kind of gets you anywhere in your life then you're free I'm just glad that I don't have to work it out
SPEAKER_03: because I'm just glad that I don't have to work it out myself I'm not involved at all and they're working out of it but you're a linguist but yeah that's why I'm glad that I'm not
SPEAKER_07: in the next week so Friday is free and um so already again this week how diligent do we feel yeah do we feel that we've done our chores for this week or so I mean clearly that is I can talk about
SPEAKER_00: the uh by searching changes on Friday okay bus car will do the big show on Friday and you guys
SPEAKER_06: will argue some more yeah and bring now and then yeah promise we will don't worry we'll get the
SPEAKER_05: summary like the short version and I would like to second kiss request to an example would be nice
SPEAKER_07: yes yes I guess I'm on the record for promising that so how have it in writing
SPEAKER_06: better speech is it and the other good thing about it is Jerry can be on here on Friday and he can
SPEAKER_07: weigh in as well yeah and um if you can get that binding point also maybe with a nice exception that would be helpful for John oh and yeah give us that one on hand yeah I have
SPEAKER_03: several in my head yeah always thinking about binding well the the binding is technically no problem
SPEAKER_07: but it's for me it seems to be conceptually important that we find out if we can if there if there are things in there that are sort of of a general nature we should just still them out and put them where the schemas are if there are things that you know our intention specific then we should put them up somewhere so in general they'll be bindings across both
SPEAKER_05: intentions and the actions so that's wonderful yeah so it's general it's general across all of these things it's like I mean I think Shostra would say you know finding is like your essential process so okay so I don't think it'll be isolated to one or the two but you can definitely figure out where yeah sometimes things belong so actually I'm not sure I would be curious to see how separate the intention part and the action part are in the system like I know the whole thing is like intention ladders or something like that right so is the right right now the idea is the rich rich the rad whatever is one you know potential block inside intention it's still it's still mainly intention hypothesis and then that's just one way to describe the action
SPEAKER_06: part of it okay it's in a temporary find it basically and yeah it's in it it's sort of not
SPEAKER_05: just that you want to go from here to here it's that yeah the action is what you intend in this action contistas all these complicated modules and image schemas and whatever yeah and there will be
SPEAKER_07: a relatively high level of redundancy in the sense that ultimately one so if we want to get really cocky we we will say well if you really look at it you just need our rad you can throw the rest away right because you're not going to get any more information out of the action as you find it there and the domain object but then again in this case the domain object may contain information that we don't really care about either so but we'll see that how it sort of evolves I mean if if people really like or or rad I mean what might happen is that they will get rid of that action thing completely you know and leave it up for us to get the parser input we know the
SPEAKER_05: things that make use of this thing so that we can just change them so that they make use of rad
SPEAKER_04: okay okay
SPEAKER_06: rads a great term it's rad then why it happened like well it just has to be the acronym
SPEAKER_05: yeah that doesn't make it a great term it's just like those jokes
SPEAKER_07: just leave it as work as we know it's just easy to see it but if you work in that XML community it is a great acronym because it evokes whatever RDF is the biggest thing right that's the rich resource description framework and and also so description having the word this term description and there's wonderful rich is also great everybody likes action plus the kids alike it
SPEAKER_05: it's rad too and tensions will be rid okay are the sample data that you guys show some time ago like the things maybe maybe you're gonna run a trial tomorrow I mean I'm just wondering whether they act some of the actual sentences from this domain will be available because be nice for me to like look if I'm thinking about examples I'm mostly looking at child language which you know we'll have somewhere we'll laugh at not total with the kinds of things that you guys are getting so you showed some in this here before and maybe you posted before but where would I look if I
SPEAKER_07: want to see oh you want audio or do you want transcript well just transcript is just not a way to because nobody has transcribed it yet okay I can eat I can I transcribe it though okay well
SPEAKER_05: don't don't bake it a high priority yet in fact if you just tell me like you know two examples that the representational problems are I'm sure we'll be there okay like enough for me to think about
SPEAKER_07: okay so Friday whoever wants and comes can just Friday it's a big pass or show so you can all turn off your
